Augustin d'Hippone, or Saint Augustine, born in the municipality of Thagaste on November 13, 354 and died August 28, 430 in Hippone, is a Christian philosopher and theologian of Berber origin.
Raimond-Bérenger IV or V, born around 1198 and died on August 19, 1245 in Aix, is a count of Provence and Forcalquier from 1209 to his death.
Józef Pińkowski is a Polish statesman. He was Prime Minister from September 1980 to February 1981.
Tom Dice, born Tom Eeckhout on November 25, 1989 in Eeklo, is a Belgian singer-songwriter.In 2008 he finished second on the Flemish version of The X Factor.His first single is a cover of the song Bleeding Love written by Jesse McCartney. In 2010, he represented Belgium at the Eurovision Song Contest in Oslo on May 29, where he finished in sixth place, having clinched first place in the semi-finals.
Rijkevorsel is a Dutch-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Flemish Region in the province of Antwerp.
Chiang Mai sometimes also called "Chiengmai", is the sixth largest city in Thailand, culturally the most significant in the north of Thailand and the capital of the province of Chiang Mai. In recent years, Chiang Mai has become an increasingly modern city.
TMS Entertainment Limited, is a Japanese company, a subsidiary of Sega Sammy, which is both an animation studio and an arcade chain.
Tehran is the capital of Iran. Located in the north of the country, at the foot of the Alborz Mountains, the city gives its name to the province of which it is also the capital. Tehran has seen its population quadruple since it became the capital following the change of dynasty in 1786, i.e. 8,429,807 inhabitants in 2010, while the agglomeration had 13,413,348 inhabitants in 2010.
Jean-Omer Beriziky is a Malagasy statesman, Prime Minister from November 2, 2011 to April 11, 2014.
Serge Rialuth Vohor is a Vanuatu politician, born in 1955 in the village of Port-Olry on the island of Espiritu Santo, who was Prime Minister four times: from November 21, 1995 to February 23, 1996; from September 30, 1996 to March 30, 1998; from July 28 to December 11, 2004; then from April 24 to May 13, 2011.
Philippe I of Flanders known as Philippe d'Alsace, son of the Count of Flanders Thierry d'Alsace and Sibylle d'Anjou, was Count of Flanders from 1157 to 1191 and Count of Vermandois by marriage from 1167 to 1185, then as a life annuity of 1186 to 1191 His reign began as an associate count in 1157, particularly during his father's crusades. He puts an end to the piracy of the Flemish coasts by beating Count Florent III of Holland. By inheritance, he recovers the country of Waes and that of the Four Trades.
Be the one is BoA's 13esingle released under the Avex Trax label on February 11, 2004 in Japan. It reached 15th place in the Oricon ranking and remained classified for 6 weeks for a total of 24,292 copies sold. The song Be the one is on the Love and Honesty album Be the one was used as the musical theme for the video game Samurai Warriors.
Joan Francesc Lerma i Blasco, born July 15, 1951 in Valencia, Spain, is a Spanish politician, member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, former president of the Generalitat of Valencia, between 1983 and 1995, then Minister of Public Administrations until 1996.
Cologne is a city in western Germany, in North Rhine-Westphalia. With around one million inhabitants at the start of 2014, Cologne is the largest city in the Land, ahead of Düsseldorf and Dortmund, and the fourth largest city in Germany by population, behind Berlin, Hamburg and Munich.
The Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, commonly known as the Foreign Secretary, is in the Government of the United Kingdom, the Minister responsible for Foreign and Commonwealth Policy, at the head of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office.
Bataille_d'Austerlitz, nicknamed the “Battle of the Three Emperors”, took place on Monday, December 2, 1805Note 2, in southern Moravia, between Brünn and Austerlitz. After nine hours of fighting, Napoleon I's Grand Army, despite its numerical inferiority, defeated the forces of the Third Coalition which dissolved following the battle, forcing Austria to sign the Peace of Presburg.
Abbotsford is a Canadian city, located on the Fraser River in British Columbia. It is located in the Fraser Valley Regional District. It is the fifth largest city in British Columbia.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation is the department of the Spanish government responsible for Spain's international relations. It has been headed since 2011 by José Manuel García-Margallo, and its services are located at the Santa Cruz Palace, in Madrid.
Curiosity is a single from Canadian singer Carly Rae Jepsen. The song reached 18th position on the Canadian Hot 100 chart.
Ann Arbor is a city in the Midwestern United States located in the State of Michigan, and the seat of Washtenaw County. It is the seventh largest city in the state, with a population of 113,934 enumerated in 2010, of which 36,892 are university students in the city. The city is located just outside of the Detroit suburbs.
Nashville is the capital of the state of Tennessee in the United States, on the banks of the Cumberland River. The city is a local center for health, music, and transportation. It has a population of 575,261, making it the second most populous city in the state after Memphis. it was the fastest growing urban area in the state.
Saint-Placide is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Deux-Montagnes in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Laurentides. It was named in honor of Saint Placide, a 6th century Benedictine monk.
Mahammed Boun Abdallah Dionne is a Senegalese politician who served as the Prime Minister of Senegal from 2014 to 2019. He is the third prime minister appointed by President Macky Sall. Dionne served at the Central Bank of West African States, the United Nations Industrial Development Organization, and as the President's adviser, before his appointment as prime minister. He is a computer engineer by training.
This table lists the successive heads of government of the Principality of Liechtenstein since the Constitution of 1921 Liechtenstein portal Liechtenstein portal Politics portal Politics portal
All Day and All of the Night is a song by the Kinks, released as a single in 1964. It is musically very close to their previous single, You Really Got Me, being based on a comparable riff, and has similar success, ranking 2nd in the UK and 7th in the US.
Garry Conille, born February 26, 1966 in Port-au-Prince, is a Haitian doctor and politician. He was Prime Minister from September 5, 2011 to May 16, 2012.
Traveling is Hikaru Utada's ninth single, released in 2001. A homonymous video was also released soon after.
Monte Carasso is a municipality in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland, located in the district of Bellinzona.
Photograph is a song recorded by Canadian rock band Nickelback. It was released in September 2005, it is the first single from his fifth studio album, All the Right Reasons.
Piotr Tadeusz Gliński is a Polish politician, born April 20, 1954 in Warsaw. He is a member of the national-conservative Law and Justice party.
Roly-Poly is the 3rd Japanese single from the band T-ara, released on February 29, 2012 in Japan. It is released in 3 different formats, CD, CD + DVD Type A and CD + DVD Type B. It comes 3rd at the Oricon. It sold 41,285 copies in the first week and remains classified 13 weeks for a total of 58,619 copies sold during this period. Roly-Poly, Keojitmal ~ Uso ~ and Apple Is A can be found on the Jewelry Box album.
Count Sakuma Samata, born November 19, 1844 in the Chōshū area and died at the age of 70 on August 5, 1915, is a general of the Imperial Japanese Army who served as the 5th Governor-General of Taiwan from April 11 1906 to May 1, 1915.
Pills N Potions is a song by American-Trinidadian singer Nicki Minaj, from the album The Pink Print. The song was released on May 21, 2014 as the first single from the album in preparation. Nicki Minaj collaborated with Cirkut, Dr. Luke and Ester Dean during the writing phase, the latter two also being responsible for its production.
Fairbanks is the second largest city in the state of Alaska, after Anchorage, in the United States. It is located north of the 64th parallel, between the Chena River and the Tanana River. In 2007, its population was 34,540 inhabitants, 97,484 in the agglomeration. It houses including the University of Alaska Fairbanks founded in 1917. In January, the temperature drops to - 28 ° C.
Cossonay is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges. Its name comes from Antiquity. Indeed, Cossonay apparently belonged to a Gallo-Roman character named Cossonus or Cossinus. At that time, a master's estate was named after that of the master in question. Cossinacum or Cossonacum then gave Cossonay. Its inhabitants are nicknamed “the Traîne-Gourdins.
The President of the Czech Republic is the Head of State of the Czech Republic. As the country is under a parliamentary regime, its powers are reduced to a role of representation.
The city of Santo Domingo is located on the south coast of the island of Hispaniola, which the Dominican Republic, of which it is the capital, shares with Haiti.
Marguerite of Geneva also called Béatrix, probably born in 1180 and died in 1252 or 1257, is a countess of Savoy. Daughter of William I of Geneva and Marguerite of Faucigny, she marries in 1196 Thomas I of Savoy and becomes countess of Savoy.
Songs about Jane is the debut album of the group Maroon 5, released in 2002. The group recorded Songs about Jane at Rumbo Recorders studio in Los Angeles, with producer Matt Wallace, who has worked with Train, Blues Traveler, Kyle Riabko and Third Eye Blind. After the album's release in mid-2002, the band went on tour with Michelle Branch and Nikka Costa. In early summer 2003, they took part in concerts by Graham Colton, John Mayer and Counting Crows.
The Boxer is an English song written by American musician Paul Simon and performed by duo Simon and Garfunkel. It was released as a single in 1969 and was featured on the band's fifth and final studio album, Bridge over Troubled Water, released in 1970. It was listed at No. 106 on Rolling Stone magazine's 500 Greatest Songs of All Time chart.
Somalia, the official name is the Federal Republic of Somalia - an East African state that has actually disintegrated as a result of civil war and separatist activities into several parts. UN member since September 20, 1960.,
Justin Germain Casimir de Selves, born July 19, 1848 in Toulouse at 18 rue des Filatiers, died January 12, 1934, at 105 quai d'Orsay, in the 7th arrondissement of Paris, aged 86, was a French politician, President of the Senate from 1924 to 1927, under the Third Republic.
The Chamber of Deputies is the unicameral legislature of the Republic of Malta and a component of the Parliament of Malta. The House, chaired by the Speaker, elects the President of Malta for a five-year term.
The 2010 edition of Genesis is the 5th edition of TNA Genesis, an annual professional wrestling event televised and viewable only on pay-per-view basis. The event, produced by the Total Nonstop Action Wrestling federation, took place on January 17, 2010 at TNA Impact! Area of ​​the city of Orlando, Florida, United States.
Stanley Parish is both a civil parish and a Canadian local service district in York County, west of the Canadian province of New Brunswick.
Josep Tarradellas i Joan, Marquis de Tarradellas, is a Catalan politician, president of the Generalitat de Catalunya in exile from the end of 1954 until the restoration of the Generalitat in 1980. His Catalan activism made him turn to political life at a very young age. . He participated in the founding of the Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya party, for which he was elected deputy for the first time in 1931.
The Lizard is a small constellation in the northern hemisphere, located between Andromeda, Cassiopeia and the Swan.
Isabelle de Hainaut, born April 23, 1170, died March 15, 1190 in Paris, daughter of Count Baudouin V of Hainaut and Marguerite Ire of Flanders, known as Marguerite d'Alsace, Countess of Flanders. She is, by her marriage to King Philippe II of France, queen consort of the Franks from 1180 to 1190.
William HH Miller, born September 6, 1840 and died May 25, 1917, is an American lawyer and Republican who was a close advisor to Benjamin Harrison, then the Republican Party candidate in the 1888 presidential election, before becoming Attorney General of United States in its administration.
Sari Johanna Sarkomaa, born September 24, 1965 in Tampere, is a Finnish politician and member of the National Coalition Party. She has been a member of the National Diet since 1999 and Minister of Education between 2007 and 2008.
Richard Yates,, was an American politician, member of the Republican Party, former governor and senator of Illinois. Politics Portal Politics Portal Illinois Portal Illinois Portal
You See Me Crying is a ballad written by Steven Tyler. It closes Toys in the Attic and will be the third single from this album. The single will not enter the US charts; a string orchestra, conducted by Michael Mainieri will be used for this title.
The Guadalquivir is a Spanish river that flows into the Atlantic Ocean west of the Strait of Gibraltar. It owes its current name to the Arabic name Oued-el-Kabir, which means the great valley. From the time of the civilization of Tartessos, it was also called Tartessos ,.
List of Romanian monarchs from 1862 to 1947. February 5, 1859: Union of the principalities of Moldavia and Wallachia January 24, 1862 - May 22, 1881: United Principalities of Romania May 22, 1881 - December 30, 1947: Kingdom of Romania December 30, 1947: the Romanian People's Republic is proclaimed by the Communist Party, and King Michael I is forced into exile. August 21, 1965: Socialist Republic of Romania
Guy Laliberté is a Quebec businessman. He is the founder and CEO of Cirque du Soleil, in which he owns 80% of the shares.
Eugene is the second largest city in the state of Oregon, U.S. Also known as Emerald City, Eugene is famous for the beauty of its nature, its emphasis on the arts, its recreational opportunities as well as to be the home city of the Nike company.
Seiji Maehara, born April 30, 1962 in the Sakyō district of the city of Kyōto in the prefecture of the same name, is a Japanese politician, member of the Democratic Party of Japan, which he chaired from September 17, 2005 to April 7. 2006, making him the leader of the parliamentary opposition during this period, and of which he was from August 30, 2011 to September 24, 2012 the chairman of the Political Research Committee and therefore number three.
VIZ Media is an American company specializing in the translation of Japanese anime and manga into English.
Empress Kōjun was an Empress Consort and later Empress Dowager of Japan. Born Princess Nagako of Kuni, she was the wife of Emperor Shōwa and the mother of the current Emperor of Japan, Akihito, as well as six other children including five daughters. Its posthumous name, Kōjun, means "fragrant purity".
Robert Kirkman is an American comic book author, born November 30, 1978 in Kentucky. He is known for his work on The Walking Dead, Invincible, and Marvel Zombies.
The city of Trenton is the capital of the state of New Jersey, United States. It is also the seat of Mercer County. In the 2010 census, the city was populated by 84,913 inhabitants. Trenton is located exactly in the center of the state. To the west, the city is bordered by the Delaware River, which marks the border between New Jersey and Pennsylvania.
Marie élisabeth éléonore Alexandrine de Mecklenburg-Schwerin born May 14, 1854, died September 6, 1920 in Contrexéville, is the daughter of the Grand Duke Frédéric-François II of Mecklenburg-Schwerin and Augusta de Reuss zu Schleiz-Köstritz. She is therefore the great-niece of Kaiser Wilhelm I of Germany.In 1874, she married Grand Duke Vladimir Alexandrovich of Russia, third son of Tsar Alexander II of Russia and Marie of Hesse-Darmstadt.
The Moscow and All Russia Patriarchate, Russian Orthodox Church or Russian Orthodox Church is the autocephalous canonical jurisdiction of the Russian Orthodox Church and, indeed, of part of the Russian Diaspora. bears the title of Patriarch of Moscow and All Russia, with residence at the Danilov Monastery in Moscow. The holder since January 27, 2009 is His Beatitude Cyrille.
Nassau, formerly Charles Town, is the capital of the Bahamas.
Christopher Murray Paul-Huhne, aka Chris Huhne, born July 2, 1954 in London, is a British Liberal Democrat politician. From May 12, 2010 to February 5, 2012, he was Minister of Energy and Climate Change in the government of David Cameron.Pursued for having lied to the courts, he resigned from his post as Minister in February 2012 and from his mandate as a member. Parliament in February 2013.
The Saskatchewan Party is a center-right political party in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. The party was founded in 1997 by a coalition of former Progressive Conservative and Liberal members, as well as members who sought to oust the Saskatchewan New Democratic Party from power. The party has been conservative in orientation since its creation, but is now trying to attract more centrist voters.
Bridgend is a town in Wales in the county borough of Bridgend, halfway between Cardiff and Swansea. Located on the Ogmore and Ewenny rivers, this commune had 39,429 inhabitants in 2001.
Love is a Losing game is the fifth single from Amy Winehouse's Back to Black album.
Jacob Van Campen, is a Dutch architect and painter of the Golden Age. He is one of the most important classical architects in the Netherlands.
Merenschwand is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Muri.
The Mexican Second Division Football Championship, also known as Liga de Ascenso, is the second most important Mexican professional football tournament in the country.
Lee Teng-hui, born January 15, 1923, is a politician from the Republic of China. He was the president of the Republic of China from January 15, 1988 to May 20, 2000 and the head of the Kuomintang party from 1988 to 2000. His mandate was marked by the continuation of major democratic reforms initiated by Chiang Ching-kuo, who ceded power in favor of electoral democracy.
The Lower Silesian Voivodeship is an administrative region in southwestern Poland. Polish regions are often referred to by the adjective.
Syens is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Broye-Vully. Cited in 1018, it was part of the district of Moudon between 1798 and 2007. The town was populated by 138 inhabitants in 2013.
Reutigen is a municipality in the canton of Bern in Switzerland, located in the administrative district of Thun. Covering an area of ​​11.3 km2, Reutigen is mainly dominated by agriculture with 46.3% of the land. 45% of the locality is forest and 4.8% habitable areas.Reutigen has a population of 958 predominantly German speaking inhabitants.
The Okinawa battle runs from April to 22 June 1945 is eighty-two days in the archipelago Okinawa in Japan during the Second World War. The last major battle of WWII, it was one of the bloodiest in the Pacific theater. It is also the largest amphibious assault of the Pacific War
Auclair is a Canadian municipality of less than 500 inhabitants located in eastern Quebec in the regional county municipality of Témiscouata in Bas-Saint-Laurent.
Louis II, born July 12, 1870 in Baden-Baden and died May 9, 1949 in Monaco, is the son of reigning Prince Albert I and Princess Marie, née Lady Mary Victoria Douglas-Hamilton. Due to the separation of the princely couple, Albert I did not meet his son until ten years after his birth, in 1880, at the time of their divorce and shortly before Lady Mary's remarriage with the Hungarian count Tasziló Festetics de Tolna.
The district of Kensington in London is part of the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. This district is known for its bourgeois population. A few residential districts in Kensington are the most expensive in London. The French Embassy is at 11 Kensington Palace Gardens.
Oliver Stone, born William Oliver Stone on September 15, 1946 in New York City, United States, is an American director, screenwriter and producer.
She Bop is the third solo single from American artist Cyndi Lauper for her debut album She's So Unusual and was released on Epic Records on February 17, 1984. It is written by Cyndi Lauper, Stephen Broughton Lunt, Gary Corbett and Rick Chertoff who is also the producer. The lyrics are all about female masturbation, and She Bop won't have the same popularity as the previous two singles.
STS-133 is the antepenultimate mission of the American space shuttle fleet, the withdrawal of which was decided in 2004 and confirmed in early 2010. The Discovery shuttle, which was launched on February 24, 2011, carried the last non-Russian components from the International Space Station as well as some spare parts.
Chasing Cars is the second single from Eyes Open, the fourth album by rock band Snow Patrol. It was released on July 24, 2006 in the UK, and the song was ranked 77th best UK song of all time by XFM in 2010.
Central Java, in Indonesian Jawa Tengah, is a province of Indonesia. It is bordered on the west by the province of West Java, on the north by the Java Sea, on the east by the province of East Java and on the south by the Special Territory of Yogyakarta and the Indian Ocean. Its capital is Semarang.The second city of the province is Surakarta, seat of a royal court and a principality.
The First Anglo-Dutch War was the first of four Anglo-Dutch wars. It took place entirely at sea between ships of the Commonwealth of England and those of the United Provinces. Originating in commercial disputes, the war began with attacks on merchant ships, and quickly turned into major naval battles.
The 2015 edition of SummerSlam is a televised wrestling event that can be viewed only as a pay-per-view on French television channel AB1 at 1:10 am, as well as at no extra charge on the WWE Network. The event, produced by World Wrestling Entertainment, will take place on August 23, 2015 at the Barclays Center in New York, NY. This is the twenty-eighth edition of SummerSlam. We recently learned that two French commentators Christophe Agius and Philippe Chéreau will have their own ringside commentator table at Summerslam 2015.
Saint-Léger - or not officially Saint-Léger-en-Gaume - is a French-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Walloon Region in the province of Luxembourg, as well as a locality where its administration is located.It is part of the Gaumaise Lorraine and the 25 municipalities of the cross-border agglomeration of the European development pole.
The National Assembly for Wales is the devolved legislative body of Wales in the United Kingdom.
Newcastle upon Tyne, often referred to as Newcastle, is a city in the region of North East England in the metropolitan county of Tyne and Wear located on the north bank of the River Tyne.
Dinant is a French-speaking city in Belgium located in the Walloon Region, capital of the arrondissement in the province of Namur.It is built on the right bank of the Meuse, 90 kilometers south of Brussels, 28 from Namur and 16 to the north of Givet, in France. Dinant has a population of around 14,000 inhabitants.
Kenny Davis Anthony is a Saint Lucian politician, Prime Minister of Saint Lucia from 1997 to 2006, then again from 2011. As leader of the Labor Party of Saint Lucia, he was the leader of the opposition from 2006 to 2011.
The Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation, Building and Nuclear Safety is the German Federal Government's ministry responsible for environmental policy and the management of nuclear reactors and has been headed since December 17, 2013 by Social Democrat Barbara Hendricks.
The district of Pristina is an administrative subdivision of Kosovo. According to the 2011 Kosovar census, it has 477,312 inhabitants. The administrative center of the district is the city of Prishtinë / Priština. According to the administrative division of Serbia, the Kosovar district is part of the Kosovo district.
Diabolique mon ange is a promotional single by Mylène Farmer released in late 2013.
Nikola Gruevski, born August 31, 1970 in Skopje, Yugoslavia, is a Macedonian politician, member of the Inner Macedonian Revolutionary Organization - Democratic Party for Macedonian National Unity, which he chairs, and currently chairman of the Macedonian government, since August 27, 2006.
Verdun is a French commune located in the Meuse department in the Lorraine region. It was the scene of the Treaty of Verdun which founded present-day Europe. Put under the tutelage of France in 1552 before being definitively annexed in 1648 by virtue of the Treaty of Westphalia, it was the object of several sieges, including one in 1792, and of battles, in particular the very deadly battle of Verdun during World War I.
Settle Down is a song by American rock band No Doubt. This is the first single from their sixth studio album Push and Shove. Written by Gwen Stefani, Tony Kanal, Tom Dumont, and produced by Spike Stent, it was released on July 16, 2012 under Interscope Records. The song is a combination of several genres including reggae, ska, dancehall, Caribbean Latin fused with American pop rock music.
Bretigny-sur-Morrens is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Gros-de-Vaud. Cited in 1224, it was part of the district of échallens between 1798 and 2007. The town was populated by 747 inhabitants in 2013.
The Al Merreikh Stadium, also called the "Red Castle", is a multi-purpose stadium located in Omdurman, Sudan. Built in 1962, this stadium is mainly used for football matches, and is used by Al Merreikh Omdurman as well as the Sudan national team.
Lubumbashi is, according to estimates, the second or third city in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in terms of the number of inhabitants, a title disputed with Mbuji-Mayi. It is preceded by Kinshasa.
Won't Get Fooled Again is a song by British rock band The Who written by Pete Townshend. She appears on the Who's Next album and on various compilations.
For No One is a Beatles song, written by Paul McCartney, but credited to Lennon / McCartney like all of the group's works composed by John Lennon and Paul McCartney, in collaboration or not. It was released on the Revolver album on August 5, 1966 in Great Britain, and three days later in the U.S. This song about the end of a romantic relationship, inspired by the one he led at the time with Jane Asher, is then one of the most accomplished compositions of Paul McCartney.
Mervelier is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Jura. Its inhabitants are called the “Gravalons”.
Viridis Visconti is an Italian nobleman, member of the family of the lords of Milan. She is Duchess of Austria, Styria and Carinthia by her marriage to Leopold III of Habsburg.
Soyuz T-6 is a Soviet space mission.
Schenectady is an American city located in the county of Schenectady, in the state of New York, county of which it is the capital. At the 2010 census, the city had 66,135 inhabitants. Schenectady is located in the west of the state, of which it is the ninth most populous city, at the confluence of the Mohawk and Hudson rivers. Located 24 km northwest of the state capital, Albany, it is part of the same metropolitan area.
Hans Vonk, born in Amsterdam on June 18, 1942 and died in the same city on August 29, 2004, is a Dutch conductor
Constantijn Theodoor count van Lynden van Sandenburg, born in Utrecht on February 24, 1826 and died in Nederlangbroek on November 18, 1885 is a Dutch politician. He was a nobleman of Utrecht, first a baron, then a count. Several times minister, he was President of the Council from 1879 to 1883.He belonged to the party of the Protestant-Orthodox conservatives, and who sympathized with the anti-revolutionaries. Before being a member of the lower house, he was a lawyer.
The Audi A4 is a family sedan built by the German brand Audi and a medium-class car. In 1994, it succeeded the Audi 80. Since then, four generations of A4s have followed one another, called the A4 B5 respectively. , A4 B6, A4 B7 and A4 B8, thus following the denomination of its predecessor.
Jammu and Kashmir is a state located in northern India.
Avellaneda is an Argentinian port municipality, capital of the homonymous partido. The city is located in the province of Buenos Aires. Its population was 328,980 inhabitants in 2001.
Ada is an object-oriented programming language, the first versions of which date back to the early 1980s.
Marguerite de Parma or Marguerite d'Autriche, in Italian Margherita d'Austria, Duchess of Parma and Piacenza, is a natural daughter of Charles Quint.
STS-30 is the fourth mission of the Space Shuttle Atlantis. She ensured the transport of the Magellan probe intended for Venus.
Brian Phillip Welch better known by the nickname Head, guitarist and co-founder of the group KoRn, several times gold disc, winner at the Grammy award, major influence of the nu metal current, to whom we owe the sounds of hits such as Freak On a Leash, Got The Life or Falling Away From Me. Brian converted to Christianity.
Montsevelier is a locality and a former Swiss municipality in the canton of Jura.
Huddersfield is a city in the United Kingdom, located in West Yorkshire, in the north of England, surrounded by Manchester, Leeds and Sheffield. Huddersfield is in the county of Kirklee near the confluence of the rivers Colne and Holme and counts nearly of 146,000 inhabitants.
Masson is a Quebec electoral district. Its current deputy is the caquist Mathieu Lemay. The name of the constituency comes from the name of an old family in Terrebonne, the Masson family, who gave three politicians to the legislature of the province of Quebec, namely Joseph Masson, édouard Masson and Roderick Masson.
Morbihan is a French department located in the Brittany region, which owes its name to the Gulf of Morbihan, a Breton name which means "small sea", from mor, the sea, and bihan, small, as opposed to mor braz which means the ocean . It essentially corresponds to the kingdom, which became a county and then bailiff of Broërec and more formerly to the city of the Veneti. Of all the French departments, it is the only one to have a name made entirely from Breton terms.
Christiane Eberhardine of Brandenburg-Bayreuth, born December 29, 1671 Bayreuth, died September 5, 1727 Pretzsch, was Queen of Poland by marriage but refused to convert to Catholicism.
The Governor General of New Zealand is the representative of the New Zealand monarch. The latter acts as viceroy in New Zealand and is often regarded as the de facto head of state. The Constitution Act of 1986 states that "The governor general appointed by the sovereign is the sovereign's representative in New Zealand. -Zeeland ”.
Drag City is an independent music label based in Chicago. It was founded in 1990 by Dan Koretzky and Dan Osborn.Drag City specializes in indie rock. In fact, among the artists released on this label we can cite Joanna Newsom, Pavement, Royal Trux, Stereolab, Cindy Dall, Faun Fables, Smog, Will Oldham, Weird War, Jim O'Rourke, David Grubbs, US
The Milwaukee Brewers are a Major League Baseball franchise located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. They play in the Central division of the National League. However, the club played in the American League from 1969 to 1997.
Alexandria, city of Egypt with more than four million inhabitants, was founded in -331 by Alexander the Great. In Antiquity, it became an important center of Hellenistic culture, the capital of the country, a great center of commerce and one of the greatest cultural centers of the Mediterranean Sea, centered on the famous library, which founded its notoriety.
The Parish of Grand Falls is both a civil parish and a Canadian local service district in Victoria County, located in western New Brunswick.
Meretz is an Israeli political party of the left, secular and socialist, member of the Socialist International and observer of the Party of European Socialists. He is linked to the Hachomer Hatzaïr movement and to Kibbutz Artzi.
Charlotte County is located in southwestern New Brunswick. There were 26,549 people in 2011 compared to 26,898 in 2006, a decrease of 1.3%. Fishing and aquaculture dominate the economy, but the town of St. Andrews is a tourist destination and the town of Saint -Stephen owns Ganong Bros. Confectionery.
Club Deportivo Universidad Católica is a Chilean football club, based in the district of Las Condes in Santiago de Chile, the country's capital, and founded on April 21, 1937.
Wonderland is a song performed and written by English artist Natalia Kills, from her debut album, Perfectionist.
Ciara, real name Ciara Princess Harris, is an American singer, dancer and actress. Born in Austin, Texas, she traveled the world as a child, before landing in Atlanta, Georgia, where she met music producer Jazze Pha. With his help, she signed a contract with the LaFace Records label. Moreover, she is the cousin of the American rapper TI
Breakout is the second solo album by American singer Miley Cyrus. It was released on July 22, 2008. It is the singer's first musical work having no affiliation with her character of Hannah Montana.
The term Palestinians today designates an Arabic-speaking population group established mainly in the geographical region of Palestine and particularly in Jordan. Palestinian national identity has been gradually asserted since the beginning of the twentieth century, and has essentially become more precise. during the Arab-Israeli conflict, as it continued in the form of an Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Tromsø Idrettslag, more commonly abbreviated to Tromsø IL, is a Norwegian professional football club founded on September 15, 1920 and based in the city of Tromsø.The club play their home matches in the Alfheim Stadion, which can seat around 7,500 spectators.
Heraklion, or Iráklio, formerly called Al Ḫ andaq by the Arabs, Candia or Megálo Kástro, is a Greek city located on the north coast, in the center of the island of Crete.
Jamie Benn is a Canadian ice hockey player.
Alojz Peterle said Lojze born July 5, 1948 in Č u ž nja vas, is a politician slov è not a member of the New Slov e denies - People's Party chr é yours .Fondateur the Christian Democratic Party in 1990, he was the first president of the government of independent Slovenia between 1990 and 1992.
Pink Bubbles Go Ape is the 4th studio album by German band Helloween, released in 1991. This album officially marks the first recording with guitarist Roland Grapow, who replaced Kai Hansen. The latter left Helloween in 1989 to form the group Gamma Ray. Internal conflicts within the group were also at the origin of Hansen's departure. Between 1990 and 1991, the group terminated their contract with the record company Noise Records to sign with EMI Records.
Derendingen is a municipality in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, located in the district of Wasseramt.
Grand Duchess Maria Nikolaevna of Russia, born June 26, 1899 in Peterhof and murdered with her whole family on July 17, 1918 in Yekaterinburg. She was a member of the Imperial Russian family and the third daughter of Tsar Nicholas II and Empress Alexandra Feodorovna. She was nicknamed "Angel" and her sisters nicknamed her their half-sister, because she was always wise.
Las Palmas de Gran Canaria is a municipality and the capital of the province of Las Palmas, and co-capital of the autonomous community of the Canary Islands with Santa Cruz de Tenerife, the transfer of powers taking place every four years.
Maurizio Enzo Lupi is a politician, member of the People of Freedom, then of the New Center-Right.
Heiko Maas, born September 19, 1966 in Saarlouis, is a German politician, member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany.
Værnes station is a rail stop on the Nordland line, located in the municipality of Stjørdal, intended to serve Trondheim Værnes airport.
Mohammad Omar, born in 1959, better known as Mullah Omar, is the leader of the Taliban in Afghanistan; he was the de facto head of state of this country from 1996 to 2001. He carried in his functions the title of Commander of the Believers of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan.
Gordon Cooper - real name Leroy Gordon Cooper, nicknamed "Gordo" by his friends and colleagues - was an American astronaut born March 6, 1927 in Shawnee, Oklahoma, United States, and died October 4, 2004 in Ventura, California, United States, at the age of 77.
St Andrew's is a football stadium located in Birmingham.
Vufflens-la-Ville is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Gros-de-Vaud. Cited in 1011, it was part of the district of Cossonay from 1803 to 2007. The town was populated by 1,221 inhabitants in 2013.
After the Gold Rush is Neil Young's third solo album, and the album alternates rock, as in his previous album Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere, folk and acoustic country rock in the style of supergroup Crosby, Stills & Nash.
La tortura is a duet by Shakira and Alejandro Sanz from the album Fijación Oral Vol. 1. The single CD was released in 2005. An alternate version mixing English and Spanish was also released on the reissue of Oral Fixation Vol. 2.
Jaime Ignacio González González, born October 19, 1960 in Madrid, is a Spanish politician, member of the Popular Party. After being appointed Undersecretary of the Ministry of Education and Culture in 1996, he became, in 1999, Secretary of State for Public Administration.
Poland Together is a Polish liberal and conservative political party created on December 7, 2013 around the unregistered MP Jaros ł aw Gowin, former Minister of Justice expelled from Donald Tusk's Civic Platform in September 2013.
Margaret Spellings in Michigan was the United States Secretary of Education in the administration of President George W. Bush from January 2005 to January 20, 2009. She is the first mother of school-aged children to hold a this office of Secretary of Education of the United States. In 2001, she was the main inspiration for the No Child Left Behind law.
Nordsjön kartano is a section of the Vuosaari district in Helsinki, the capital of Finland.
John Davis Long is an American politician.
Trecesson is a township municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of Abitibi in Abitibi-Témiscamingue.
Seedorf is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Bern, located in the administrative district of Seeland.
The Shocker is a supervillain belonging to the Marvel Comics universe and first appeared in Amazing Spider-Man # 46 by Stan Lee and John Romita, Sr.
Premier is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois.
Philip Miller "Phil" Crane, born November 3, 1930 in Chicago, and died November 8, 2014 in Jefferson, is an American politician, member of the Republican Party, former Representative of the 8th, 12th and 13th districts of Illinois at the U.S. House of Representatives. In the 2004 U.S. general election, he was defeated by Democrat Melissa Bean.
Casimir III Piast, known as the Great, born April 30, 1309, died November 5, 1370, King of Poland from 1333 to 1370, son of Ladislas I the Short, King of Poland, and Hedwig of Kalisz. only king of Poland to bear the title of "Great". However, none of his four successive marriages having allowed him to have a son, he had to cede the throne on his death to his nephew Louis I of Hungary.
Protège-moi is a song by Placebo released in 2003 on a limited edition of the Sleeping with Ghosts album and then released as a single exclusively for the French market.It is the French version of Protect Me From What I Want from the Sleeping with Ghosts album. The original lyrics, in English, were written by Brian Molko then translated into French by Virginie Despentes.
Quin Snyder, born October 30, 1966, in Mercer Island, Washington, is an American basketball player and coach. He is the current coach of the Utah Jazz.
Pike County is a county in the United States of Alabama. Portal of Alabama Portal of Alabama
Princess Alice of Bourbon-Parma, born November 13, 1917 in Vienna, Austria-Hungary, is the daughter of élie de Bourbon-Parme, "Duke of Parma and Plaisance" and his wife Archduchess Marie-Anne of Austria, Princess of Teschen. By her marriage to Prince Alfonso of Bourbon-Deux-Siciles, the Princess becomes Infanta Alice, "Duchess of Calabria", and is naturalized Spanish.
Frederick Augustus III of Saxony, born Dresden, May 25, 1865, died in Sibyllenort on February 18, 1932, is the last king of Saxony.
Parmalat SpA is an Italian company specialized in the field of dairy products, owned by the French company Lactalis. Its activity spread all over the world includes at least 140 production centers, it employs 36,000 employees and its activity depends on 5,000 farms. Italian.
Guy Picciotto is an American musician from Washington DC. He is best known for his participation as a singer and guitarist for the groups Fugazi and Rites of Spring.
ángel Javier Velásquez Quesquén is a Peruvian lawyer and politician. Member of the Congress of the Republic since 1995, he assumed the presidency between 2008 and 2009. President Alan García appointed him president of the Council on July 11, 2009 and he was replaced in this position by José Antonio Chang on September 14, 2010
Morning Glory is a song by the English group Oasis. It is also the third single from their second album, Morning Glory ?, released in 1995. The single was released as a single only in Australia, and as a radio single in the United States. One of the lyrics of the song gave its name to the album from which it came.
La Trinité-des-Monts, or simply Trinité-des-Monts, is an agricultural parish municipality in the province of Quebec, Canada, located in the regional county municipality of Rimouski-Neigette, in Bas-Saint- Laurent.
Florida State University, or Florida State University, commonly referred to as FSU, is an American university founded in 1851. The main campus is located in Tallahassee. The university offers more than 300 study programs, including vocational training. Doctoral training is supported by recognized research activity.
Valeria Ciavatta, born January 16, 1959 in Borgo Maggiore, is a politician from San Marino, member of the Popular Alliance. Since April 1, 2014, she has been captain-regent of San Marino, in tandem with Luca Beccari.
Shōnen Alice is Māya Sakamoto's 4th album, released under the Victor Entertainment label on December 10, 2003 in Japan. A reissue was released on March 24, 2010.
The District Ba č ka m e ridionale is an administrative subdivision of R e public of Serbia. In the 2011 census, it had 607,835 inhabitants.
Mian Raza Rabbani, born July 23, 1953 in Lahore, is a Pakistani politician and constitutionalist. A member of the Pakistani People's Party, he was the Speaker of the Senate from March 2015 to March 2018.
Yasuhisa Shiozaki is a Japanese politician born November 7, 1950 in Matsuyama, Ehime Prefecture. He was appointed by Shinzō Abe to the post of Minister of Health, Labor and Social Affairs on September 3, 2014.
Akron is a city in Ohio, United States, and is the seat of Summit County. The city is located between Cleveland in the north and Canton in the south, about 100 km west of the border with Pennsylvania. With a total population of 217,074 and an urban area of ​​694,960 according to the 2000 census, the city is the 82nd most populous in the United States and the 5th in Ohio.
The house of Orleans-Braganza is a dynasty of French and Portuguese origins, descended from a younger branch of the house of Orleans and the Brazilian branch of the Braganza dynasty.The union of Gaston d'Orléans, count of Eu, grandson of King Louis-Philippe, and Isabelle de Braganza, Imperial Princess of Brazil, heir to the Brazilian emperors, founded the dynasty, often called “the imperial house of Brazil”. The current contenders for the Brazilian Imperial Crown come from this family.
Saint-Légier-La Chiésaz is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Riviera-Pays-d'Enhaut. It is located above Vevey, on the Montée des Pléiades.
H • A • M is the official 1st single from Jay-Z and Kanye West's joint album, Watch The Throne. The acronym HAM stands for "Hard As a Motherfucker". The track was released on iTunes on January 11, 2011. H • A • M only appears on the Deluxe version of the album.
Spain has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest since its sixth edition, in 1961, and has won it twice: in 1968 and 1969. Spain is among the five most important financial contributors to the EBU, with Germany, France, Italy and the United Kingdom. Together, they make up the so-called “Big Five” group.
Sorrow is a song recorded by the McCoys in 1965 and appeared on the B-side of their single Fever. The following year, a cover of the Merseys ranked 4th in the UK, and in 1973 David Bowie covered the song in turn on his cover album Pin Ups. It is the only single from this album, with Amsterdam on the B side.
Ballwil is a municipality in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland, located in the electoral district of Hochdorf.
Päivi Maria Räsänen, born Kuvaja on December 19, 1959 in Sonkajärvi, North Savonia, is a Finnish politician.
Matteo Fiorini, born February 10, 1978 in San Marino, is a politician from San Marino, member of the Popular Alliance. He was captain-regent of San Marino from October 1, 2011 to April 1, 2012 with Gabriele Gatti.
Saint-Pierre-Baptiste is a parish Municipality of Quebec located in the regional county municipality of L'érable and the administrative region of Center-du-Quebec. It is named in honor of Pierre-Baptiste Blasquez, a Spanish clergyman.
Charles-Ferdinand de Habsbourg-Lorraine, Duke of Teschen, was born in Vienna on July 29, 1818 and died on November 20, 1874 in Groß Seelowitz. He was a member of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine and an Austro-Hungarian soldier, who participated in particular in the repression of the Czech uprising of 1848.
The Delft University of Technology, better known as TU Delft, is the largest and oldest public university in the Netherlands. It is located in Delft, in the province of Zuid-Holland in the Netherlands. It trains more than 19,000 students and hosts more than 3,300 researchers and teachers in 8 faculties and numerous research institutes.
Timothy Robert Commerford, February 26, 1968 in Irvine Also Timmy C., Y.tim.K, Simmering T, Tim Bob, or tim.com is the bassist for Rage Against the Machine and Audioslave.
Taste the Pain is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers, taken from their album Mother's Milk and the soundtrack to the movie Un Monde pour nous. When the song was recorded, Chad Smith had not yet joined the Californian group, so Phillip "Fish" Fisher of the group Fishbone played on drums.
Burundi, in long form the republic of Burundi, is an East African country without access to the sea but having a large shoreline on Lake Tanganyika, located in the Great Lakes region and bordered to the west by the Democratic Republic of the Congo, to the north by Rwanda and to the east and south by Tanzania. Since February 4, 2019, its political capital is Gitega. As for it, Bujumbura, former political and economic capital and the most populous city of the country, is the economic capital.
The Winnipeg Jets are a former ice hockey franchise that played in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The team has accompanied the World Hockey Association throughout its existence since it is one of the founding teams of the 1972 AMH and has won the league's ultimate trophy three times: the Avco World Trophy, including during the last season. Following the shutdown of the AMH, the Jets joined the National Hockey League along with three other teams.
Kinnear's Mills is a municipality located in the regional county municipality of Appalaches in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches.
Samara is a city in Russia and the administrative capital of Samara Oblast. The city developed from a fortress founded in 1586. Its population stood at 1,172,348 in 2014, making it the sixth largest city in Russia, and its metropolitan area is approximately 2.5 million. inhabitants. She bore the name Kuybyshev from 1935 to 1991.
Zoé Konstantopoúlou, born December 8, 1976 in Athens, is a Greek lawyer and stateswoman, member of SYRIZA and then of Popular Unity. Finally, in 2016, she created the Cap on Freedom party.
Killing Is My Business ... and Business Is Good! is the first studio album of the American group Megadeth, released in 1985. After searching for a singer for almost six months in vain, Mustaine decides to take up vocals, in addition to assuming the role of lyricist and rhythm guitarist / co-soloist . In early 1985, the Combat Records label gave the group $ 8,000 to record and produce their first album.
The Honorable Claude Castonguay CC, OQ, LL.D. hc, FSA, FICA, born in Quebec on May 8, 1929, is a Quebec actuary, Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and Fellow of the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. A political figure, he is nicknamed the “father of health insurance”, as well as the father of the Quebec Professional Code.
Esztergom is a Hungarian city, located in the county of Komárom-Esztergom, on the border between Slovakia and Hungary. She played a very important role in Hungarian history. Its population is 30,112. Saint-Adalbert Cathedral is a primatial church located in the city.
Leo XIII, born Vincenzo Gioacchino Raffaele Luigi Pecci, is the 256th Pope of the Catholic Church. Having succeeded Pope Pius IX on February 20, 1878, he reigned until his death in 1903. He was buried in the Lateran Basilica. Leo XIII is mainly known for his encyclical Rerum Novarum, published in 1891, the first social encyclical.
In da Club is a hip-hop song performed by rapper 50 Cent for his first commercial album Get Rich or Die Tryin '. The song was produced by Dr. Dre with a co-production by Mike Elizondo. 50 Cent, Dr. Dre, and Elizondo wrote the song. The song was released in January 2003 as the album's first single and was met with positive reviews from music critics. In da Club took No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming 50 Cent's first number one single.
The Iowa Wild is an American Hockey League ice hockey team that begins operations in the 2013-14 season. The team plays at Wells Fargo Arena in Des Moines, Iowa as the school for the Minnesota Wild of the National Hockey League.
Berolle is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
Curt Miller is an American basketball coach born October 5, 1968 in Girard.
Cuarnens is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
Roms-Katholieke Combinatie Waalwijk is a Dutch football club located in Waalwijk.
The New Wave of American Heavy Metal, or New Wave of American Heavy Metal, is a musical movement associated with heavy metal that emerged in the United States during the first half of the 1990s, and better developed in the 2000s. Most groups considered to be part of the movement were formed in the early 1980s, but would not be influential or popular until the following decade.
La Spezia is an Italian town of about 92,000 inhabitants, capital of the province of the same name in Liguria. Its name literally means in French "L'épice." "
The Chaouia Sports Union is an Algerian football club based in Oum-El-Bouaghi.
Toulon is a town in the South-East of France, capital of the Var department and seat of its prefecture. Third city in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region behind Marseille and Nice, it is also home to the headquarters of the Maritime Prefecture of the Mediterranean. The town is established on the shores of the Mediterranean Sea, along the harbor of Toulon.
Born to Make You Happy is a song by American artist Britney Spears, taken from her first studio album,… Baby One More Time. The track was released as the fourth single from the album on December 6, 1999. Music portal Music portal • Song section
Catherine Opalińska was Queen of Poland and Duchess of Lorraine, wife of Stanislas Leszczynski, King of Poland or the Republic of Two Nations and Duke of Lorraine.
Guy Parmelin, born November 9, 1959 in Bursins, is a Swiss politician, member of the Democratic Union of the Center.
Kenneth Thomas "Kenney" Jones is the drummer for Small Faces, a 1960s mod group made very popular with songs like What cha gonna do about it or Sha la la la lee.
Ralph Neville, 6th Baron Neville de Raby then 1st Earl of Westmorland, is an important English baron in the reigns of Richard II, Henry IV and Henry V of England.
Fouad II of Egypt, born January 16, 1952, was the last king of Egypt, from 1952 to 1953, when he was only an infant.
San Sebastián, officially Donostia in Basque and San Sebastián in Spanish, is a city in northern Spain, capital of the province of Guipuscoa, in the Basque Autonomous Community.
Marie-Anne, Caroline, Pie de Savoie, Princess of Sardinia, born September 19, 1803 in Rome and died May 4, 1884 in Vienna, was the wife of Emperor Ferdinand I of Austria, with whom she married in 1831 and, as such, Empress Consort of Austria as well as Queen Consort of Hungary, Bohemia and Lombardy-Veneto until 1848, date of the abdication of her husband. Her twin sister is Marie-Thérèse of Savoy, Princess of Lucca then Duchess of Parma.
The US town of Ogden is the seat of Weber County, Utah, at the foot of the Wasatch Mountains. The 2000 census indicated a population of 77,226, estimated at 82,825 in 2010, making it the seventh largest city in the state.
Sophie-Madeleine de Brandebourg-Culmbach, born in Schönberg Palace on November 28, 1700 and died in Christianborg Palace on May 27, 1770, was Queen of Denmark and the wife of King Christian VI since 1721.
Jérôme Cahuzac, born June 19, 1952 in Talence, is a French politician, mayor of Villeneuve-sur-Lot and socialist deputy for Lot-et-Garonne until 2012, he is minister delegate in charge of the budget of the Jean-Marc government Ayrault from May 16, 2012 to March 19, 2013, the date of his resignation following accusations of tax evasion.
The Diocese of Cologne, Germany, was founded in the 4th century and became Roman Rite Metropolitan Archdiocese in the 8th century. Its Latin name is Archidioecesis Coloniensis. In the 13th century, the Archbishop of Cologne took the prestigious rank of Prince-Elector of the Holy Empire, the territory of the archdiocese becoming the Electorate of Cologne.
Bouctouche is a Canadian town in Kent County, in southeastern New Brunswick.
The Hungarian Social Democratic Party is a left and center-left Hungarian political party chaired by László Kapolyi, founded in 1890 and is the oldest party in Hungary.
Sackville is a town in Westmorland County in southeastern New Brunswick, Canada.
Charles XIII, King of Sweden from 1809 and King of Norway from 1814 until his death.
Armenia, long form the Republic of Armenia, is a landlocked country located in the Lesser Caucasus region of Western Asia.
The Ayyubids or Ayyubid dynasty was a military dynasty founded by the Kurdish Muslim Salah ad-Din Yusuf ibn Ayyub, called Saladin for short. It ruled in the 12th and 13th centuries in Egypt and Syria, Yemen, Palestine, Upper Mesopotamia and large parts of North Africa.
Curtilles is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Broye-Vully. Cited from 865, it was part of the district of Moudon between 1803 and 2007. The town was populated by 306 inhabitants in 2013.
Vulliens is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Broye-Vully. Cited in 1141, it was part of the Oron district from 1798 to 2007. The town was populated by 433 inhabitants in 2013.
Survivor Series 2002 is the sixteenth Survivor Series, annual wrestling pay-per-view produced by World Wrestling Entertainment. It took place on November 17, 2002 at Madison Square Garden in New York, New York. It is the first and only Survivor Series that did not include traditional elimination matches.
Bourges is a French commune, prefecture of the department of Cher. With 66,381 inhabitants, it is the most populous municipality in the department. At the center of an urban area of ​​135,000 inhabitants, Bourges is the 3rd most populous municipality in the Center region, after Tours and Orléans, and ahead of Chateauroux, Blois and Chartres.
Everytime is a song by American artist Britney Spears, from her fourth album, In the Zone. This was released on May 17, 2004, under Jive Records as the album's third single. After his breakup with pop singer Justin Timberlake, Spears befriends a backing vocalist of the latter, Annet Artani. Together, they begin to write songs at Britney Spears' house in Los Angeles, and then travel to Germany, where Everytime was written.
Tech trance is a sub-genre of electronic dance music mixing techno and trance genres as its name suggests.
Mike Dunham is a retired professional ice hockey player from the United States who played goaltending and is currently the assistant goaltending coach for the New York Islanders.
Tulsa is Oklahoma's second city after Oklahoma City, United States, with a population of 391,906 and 937,478 residents for the metropolitan area in 2010.
Olten is a municipality in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, located in the district of Olten.
The Broken Beat was born in West London around 1999-2000 from IG Culture and its group New Sector Movements, as well as the two producer DJs of the group 4 Hero.
Växjö is a Swedish city in the southern province of Småland.
Fort Wayne is a city in the state of Indiana, United States, in Allen County. With 253,691 inhabitants, it is the second largest city in Indiana after Indianapolis. Fort Wayne is located approximately 240 kilometers from Chicago.
Mathod is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois.
The Acura Integra is a compact sedan automobile manufactured by the Honda company between 1986 and 2001 under the name Integra in the United States and then between 2002 and 2007 under the name Acura RSX. In Japan, the car was produced only under the name Integra.
Here is the list of monarchs of Swaziland
Gunhild from Denmark. She was from 1036 until her untimely death in 1038 the first wife of the Germanic Roman king and later Emperor Henry III.
Onsernone is a municipality in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland, located in the district of Locarno.
Frederick William I of Württemberg or Frederick III of Württemberg.
Henri II dit le Bon, born in Nancy on November 8, 1563, died in Nancy on July 31, 1624, was Marquis de Pont-à-Mousson, then Duke of Lorraine and of Bar from 1608 to 1624. He was the eldest son of Duke Charles III and Claude of France, and as such hereditary prince of Lorraine. See the genealogy of the Lorraine family.
Nikola Spiri æ n e 4 September 1956 in Drvar, Bosnia-Herz e govina, is a Bosnian politician, pr e President of the Council of Ministers of 11 January 2007 to 12 January 2012.Il is confirmed by the Bosnian Parliament February 9, 2007, more than four months after the elections of October 1, 2006.
Petit-Lac-Sainte-Anne is an unorganized territory in Quebec, part of the regional county municipality of Kamouraska, located in the administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent. It covers an area of ​​190 km2.
Sarmenstorf is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Bremgarten.
Ernst Stavro Blofeld is a fictional character in the series of James Bond novels, written by Ian Fleming. He is arguably James Bond's worst enemy. Blofeld is the head of SPECTER, a formidable criminal organization headquartered in Paris.
Roche is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Aigle.
Cory Anthony Booker is an American politician, member of the Democratic Party. Mayor of Newark from 2006 to 2013, he has been a senator for New Jersey since October 31, 2013.
The Berber languages, or Berber, are the set of languages ​​that form a group of Chamito-Semitic languages ​​derived from "ancient Berber". They are present from Morocco to Egypt, via Algeria, Tunisia, Mali, Niger and Libya. There are about thirty varieties.
Aces High is a song by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden written by Steve Harris and is their 11th single, the second single from the album Powerslave. The song tells the story of a Royal Air Force aircraft pilot fighting Luftwaffe forces during the Battle of Britain in 1940, the first fully airborne battle. It reached 20th place in the UK charts.
Still of the Night is the first single from the Whitesnake / 1987 album by the group Whitesnake. The single reached # 16 on April 18, 1987 in the UK, 18th on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and 79th Billboard Hot 100.
Desire is a song by rock band U2, taken from the album Rattle and Hum. This is the first single from this album and was released in September 1988. The Edge claimed to have drawn more inspiration from 1969 from The Stooges for the production of this song than from diddley beat.
You is the 19th single from Kumi Kōda released under the Rhythm Zone label on December 7, 2005 in Japan. He reached 1st place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 76,111 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 15 weeks, for a total of 190,060 copies sold. This is the first single from Kumi Kōda to reach number one in the Oricon chart. You is the 1st single in a series of 12, a new one is released every week for 12 weeks.
Raiatea or Ra'iātea is an island in French Polynesia that is part of the Leeward Islands in the Society Archipelago. Fourth largest island after Tahiti, Nuku Hiva and Hiva Oa, Raiatea is located 210 kilometers from Tahiti, between Huahine and Bora Bora. It shares the same lagoon as the island of Tahaa.
First Love is Hikaru Utada's debut album. The singer had in fact already released an album the previous year under the pseudonym "Cubic U": Precious.
Soyuz TMA-11 is a manned mission using the Soyuz TMA spacecraft to transport personnel to and from the International Space Station. The mission began at 13:22 UTC on October 10, 2007, when the spacecraft was launched. from the Baikonur Cosmodrome by a Soyuz-FG launcher. He brought two members of Expedition 16 to the station, as well as Sheikh Muszaphar Shukor, the first Malaysian in space.
Theodosius I, in Latin Flavius ​​Theodosius Augustus, also named Theodosius the Great, born in 347 and died on January 17, 395, was Roman Emperor from 379 to 395, celebrated on January 17 as a saint of the Christian Churches.
Peterborough is a city with the status of a city and unitary authority located in the east of England. Its population amounted to 161,800 inhabitants in 2007. It was initially a simple village, with a monastery in its center. Then it turned into a city encircling a cathedral, before becoming a "city".
Marvin Gaye, born Marvin Pentz Gay Jr. April 2, 1939 in Washington, DC and murdered April 1, 1984 in Los Angeles, is an American singer and songwriter.
Sunny Day Real Estate is an American alternative rock band from Seattle formed in 1992.
ECHL is a professional ice hockey league headquartered in Princeton, New Jersey. The teams that are part of it are located in the United States and Canada. The league changed its name on May 19, 2003 due to its extensive coverage. ECHL is widely regarded as the third league in North America after the National Hockey League and the American Hockey League.
Sal Buscema is a cartoonist born January 1, 1936 in Brooklyn
Fislisbach is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Baden.
Frederick Augustus I is a German prince. He was lay prince-bishop of Lübeck from 1750 until his death, as well as count and then duke of Oldenburg from 1773.
Daniel Bahr, born November 4, 1976 in Lahnstein, is a German politician, member of the Liberal Democratic Party, former chairman of the Young Liberals and Federal Minister of Health from 2011 to 2013 in Angela Merkel's second Cabinet.
Umberto Bossi is an Italian regionalist politician, former leader and founder of the Northern League. He is generally nicknamed, by the Italian media, "il senatùr". After his re-election, he holds the record for the length of the parliamentary mandate as deputy, with 22 years and 15 days at the Montecitorio Palace.
Faure Essozimna Gnassingbé is a Togolese politician, President of the Togolese Republic since 2005. First interim president from February 7 to 25, 2005, he was then elected twice in a row on May 4, 2005 and March 4, 2010.
Augusta of Denmark, Norway, born April 8, 1580 at Kolding Castle and died February 5, 1639 at Husum Castle, was a Danish-Norwegian princess who became Duchess Consort of Schleswig-Holstein-Gottorp through her marriage to John Adolf of Holstein -Gottorp.
Borneo is an island in Southeast Asia. Of massive form, Borneo is the fourth largest island in the world, after Australia, Greenland and New Guinea. It is populated by around 20 million people. Indonesia calls the island Kalimantan. The island straddles three countries: Brunei and Malaysia to the north, and Indonesia to the south. About 73% of the island is in Indonesian territory.
Duffel is a municipality and city in Belgium located in the Flemish Region in the province of Antwerp.
Saint-Léonard-d'Aston is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of Nicolet-Yamaska ​​in Center-du-Quebec.
Kassym-Jomart Kemelouly Tokayev is a Kazakh politician born May 17, 1953. Tokayev was Prime Minister from October 1999 to January 2002 and Minister of Foreign Affairs between 1994 and 1999, then between 2003 and 2007.
Trois-Pistoles is a city of Quebec located in Bas-Saint-Laurent, in the regional county municipality of Les Basques, of which it is the capital. Its name is reminiscent of ancient coins from the 16th century.
Dortmund to ɔʁ tm ʊ nt, is a German city located in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia at the east end of the Ruhr basin. Its population makes it one of the largest cities in the region, the seventh largest city in Germany and the 34th largest in the European Union. The city sits on the Emscher River, a tributary of the Ruhr that flows south of the city.
Ascoli Calcio 1898 is an Italian football club based in Ascoli Piceno. The club chaired by Roberto Benigni and trained by Rosario Pergolizzi evolves in Lega Pro.
The First Balkan War, which lasted from October 1912 to May 1913, opposed the Balkan League to the Ottoman Empire. The armies of the numerically superior Balkan states were quickly victorious.
The Tarn is a river in the south of France. It is, with the Lot, one of the main tributaries of the Garonne. The Tarn gave its name to the French departments of Tarn and Tarn-et-Garonne.
50 ° 29 ′ N 62 ° 17 ′ E / 50.48, 62.29Soyuz TMA-10 is a Soyuz program mission launched on April 7, 2007. It provided transport for two members of the Expedition 18 crew to the Station International Space. TMA-13 ​​is the 97th flight of a Soyuz spacecraft since the first in 1967. The capsule returned to Earth on October 21, 2007.
Bryn Station is a Norwegian railway station on the Hovedbanen and Loenga lines in Alnabru. It is located in Bryn, part of the city of Oslo in the Østlandet region, and is a Norges Statsbaner stopover, served by local trains.
William Henry Gates III, known as Bill Gates, is an American computer scientist and entrepreneur, pioneer in the field of microcomputing, born October 28, 1955 in Seattle, Washington, United States. He founded in 1975, at the age of 20, with his friend Paul Allen, the microcomputer software company Micro-Soft.
Afuresou na ai, daite / Namida wo leak is the 9th single from Aya Ueto released under the Pony Canyon label on July 28, 2004 in Japan. He reached 10th place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 18,672 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 8 weeks, for a total of 33,723 copies sold.
The Order of the Sacred Treasure was instituted on January 3, 1888 by Emperor Meiji. It recognizes individuals who have rendered distinguished service, both civilian and military, to the country. It originally had eight classes and was reserved for men. It was extended to women on May 22, 1919. Like other Japanese decorations, it was redesigned in 2003.
Franklin is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Haut-Saint-Laurent in Quebec, located in the Vallée-du-Haut-Saint-Laurent region in Montérégie ,.
Genie in a Bottle is the first single from American singer Christina Aguilera. This is the first single from her debut album Christina Aguilera. With this song, Aguilera meets her first big worldwide success. The single sold 7,500,000 copies, making it the 4th best-selling single in the world in 1999.
Miyagi Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located in Tōhoku.
Carlos Sablan Camacho, born February 27, 1937 in Saipan, is an American politician, member of the Democratic Party. He was the first governor of the Northern Mariana Islands between January 9, 1978 and January 11, 1982.
The arrondissement of Saumur is a French administrative division located in the department of Maine-et-Loire and the Pays de la Loire region. It was created in 1800 from the union of the two districts of Saumur and Vihiers. When the district of Baugé disappeared in 1926, it was supplemented by the cantons of Baugé, Longué and Noyant.
François V, sovereign duke of Modena, was born in Modena on June 1, 1819, and died in Vienna on November 20, 1875.
Courcelles is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC du Granit in Estrie.
Whatever is a single from the English britpop band Oasis, written by guitarist-songwriter Noel Gallagher.
Villars-sous-Yens is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
Exeter is the county seat of Devon, England, United Kingdom. The town is located northeast of Plymouth. Its population is 115,000 inhabitants. Known for its ancient cathedral and its 12th and 14th century ports, Exeter has city status.
Up the Khyber is an instrumental track by Pink Floyd, featured on the album More. This is the fourth track on the album. It basically consists of a long drum solo with fast paced piano playing and added sound effects.Its title refers to Khyber's pass between Afghanistan and Pakistan.It was played in concert in a slightly modified in The Man and the Journey, as Doing It.
Slammiversary or TNA Slammiversary is an annual wrestling event organized in mid-June or early June by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. This is the second biggest wrestling show of the year at TNA as it celebrates, among other things, the anniversary of Total Nonstop Action every year.
Dépôt-échouani is an unorganized territory of Quebec in the regional county municipality of La Vallée-de-la-Gatineau and the administrative region of Outaouais.Its name was formalized on March 13, 1986.It covers an area of ​​308 , 24 km2.
The Italo-Turkish War is a conflict between the Ottoman Empire and the Kingdom of Italy from September 29, 1911 to October 18, 1912.This conflict allowed Italy to obtain the Ottoman provinces of Tripolitania, Cyrenaica and Fezzan . These provinces formed Italian Libya.
Saint-Prime is a Canadian municipality in Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Domaine-du-Roy and the administrative region of Saguenay – Lac-Saint-Jean.
Tthhee Ppaarrttyy is Justice's fifth single, as well as Uffie's fifth single. It was released for download without the album version, instead containing a remixed Radio Edit version and the live version found on A Cross the Universe. The song contains an uncredited sample of Stay Fly by Three 6 Mafia featuring Uffie.
Laurent-Désiré Kabila, is a Congolese politician. Engaged from the 1960s against the Mobutu regime, he finally succeeded in overthrowing the latter in 1997, during the First Congo War. He gave the country - renamed Zaire by Mobutu - the name of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The Turkish languages ​​are a family of languages ​​attached to the Altaic language group, a group whose existence is however controversial. The Turkish languages ​​have about thirty languages ​​spread over a vast region ranging from Eastern Europe to Western China and from Cyprus to Siberia.
James Francis Reilly, II is an American astronaut born March 18, 1954.
Kumiko Koda, born November 13, 1982, better known by her stage name Kumi Koda, is a Japanese singer born in Kyoto, known for her Urban and R&B songs. She is married to Kenji03 from Back-On and they have a baby boy born July 17, 2012. She debuted in 2000 with the single Take Back and rose to fame with Real Emotion / 1000 no Kotoba, two songs used as musical themes in the Final Fantasy X-2 video game.
The Love You Save is a song by The Jackson 5, produced by Motown and released on May 16, 1970. It is taken from the ABC album. The song The Love You Save ranked number 1 on the Top 10 US & UK singles and number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100. The original version of the song is 3:04 minutes long, its music genre is soul and "Bubblegum pop".
Saint-Joseph-de-Beauce is a town in the regional county municipality of Robert-Cliche in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches. The municipality obtained city status on October 6, 1965. About 4,600 people live there.
Wickham is a municipality of Quebec located in the RCM of Drummond in Center-du-Quebec. The 2006 census counts 2,503 inhabitants.
John Coltrane is an American jazz saxophonist, composer and conductor, born in Hamlet, North Carolina on September 23, 1926 and died on Long Island.
Kamehameha I, the Great Kamehameha, was the king of the Hawaiian Islands and is the architect of their unity, founding the Kingdom of Hawaii in 1810. Pai ' ea his birth name it is known that Kamehameha Hawaiian means tr è s alone.
Interlaken is a city and municipality in the canton of Bern in Switzerland, located in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross is a German decoration from WWII. She is the third rank of the Iron Cross.
Delémont is the capital of the Republic and Canton of Jura, located in the center of the quadrilateral formed by the nearby towns of Basel, Biel, La Chaux-de-Fonds and Belfort, is 90 km from Bern, 120 km from Zurich and 200 km from Geneva.
So Far, So Good ... So What! is Megadeth's 3rd album, released in 1988 by Capitol, and the only album featuring guitarist Jeff Young and drummer Chuck Behler.
Nemo is the first single from Nightwish's fifth album titled Once. It was released on April 26, 2004 and was performed by the band's former opera singer Tarja Turunen. The music video was directed by Antti Jokinen and will serve as the end credits of Bruce Hunt's The Crypt.
Grindelwald is a municipality as well as a Swiss mountain resort in the canton of Bern, located in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli.
Big Poppa is the second single from The Notorious BIG, from the album Ready to Die, and was nominated at the Grammy Awards and Billboard Music Awards. Recorded in 1994 and released as a single in 1995, it is surely one of the greatest singles of The Notorious BIG, along with Juicy. The song remained in the Billboard Hot 100 top 10 for some time in sixth place. This single uses a sample from the song Between the Sheets performed by The Isley Brothers.
OCaml, formerly known as Objective Caml, is the most advanced implementation of the Caml programming language, created by Xavier Leroy, Jérôme Vouillon, Damien Dolurez, Didier Rémy and their collaborators in 1996. This language, of the family ML languages, is an open source project directed and maintained mainly by Inria.OCaml is the successor to Caml Light, to which it has added, among other things, an object programming layer.
STS-34 was the fifth space shuttle Atlantis mission. It ensured the transport of the Galileo probe intended for Jupiter.
Münsterlingen is a municipality in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland, located in the district of Kreuzlingen.
Louis IV of Hesse, born September 12, 1837 and died March 13, 1892. Grand Duke of Hesse from 1877 to 1892.
M6, published by Métropole Télévision, is a French national general-interest private commercial television channel which has been broadcasting since March 1, 1987.
Wesley Louden Borland, born February 7, 1975 in Richmond, Virginia, is an American guitarist known for being a member of the group Limp Bizkit.
Courtelary is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Bern, located in the administrative district of the Bernese Jura.
The Autonomous University of Barcelona is a public university located in Cerdanyola del Vallès, near Barcelona in Catalonia.
San Bartolomé de Tirajana is a municipality in the province of Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, in the Canary Islands. It is located in the south of the island of Gran Canaria.
Brothers in Arms is a track by rock band Dire Straits, composed by Mark Knopfler. This track is the last from the Brothers in Arms album released in 1985. It was the second single from the album after Money for Nothing. Brothers in Arms is quite different from the other pieces of the group, calmer and more hovering, he has also finished some concerts of Dire Straits like the live On the Night.
Whenever, Wherever is a song written by singer Shakira with music composed by Shakira herself and Tim Mitchell. This song also exists in Spanish and is called Suerte. In this song, Shakira describes the love that can exist between two beings who live at a distance. It is mainly thanks to this song that Shakira will become known around the world. The CD single was released on December 24, 2001 in France.
Is This Love is a ballad by the group Whitesnake which appeared on their eponymous album released in 1987. The song was written by David Coverdale and John Sykes, it is said that the title was originally intended for singer Tina Turner.
All-Star Squadron is a DC Comics superhero squad created by Roy Thomas, Rich Buckler, and Jerry Ordway.
Thomas F. "Mack" McLarty III is an American politician and businessman who served notably as White House Chief of Staff under Bill Clinton from 1993 to 1994. He is currently Chairman of McLarty Associates, a consulting firm based in Washington DC, and CEO of the McLarty Companies United States Portal United States Portal Policy Portal Policy Portal Company Portal Company Portal
Brian Duffy is an American astronaut born June 20, 1953.
Lac-des-Aigles is a Canadian municipality located in eastern Quebec in the regional county municipality of Témiscouata in Bas-Saint-Laurent. Occupied since 1931, it was officially incorporated in 1948. It forms the eastern end of the MRC, approximately 70 km from Rimouski and 100 km from Rivière-du-Loup. The roads 232 and 296 run alongside each other and lead to a significant flow of traffic.
Kyukon /? Cm is the 12th single Misono released under the label Avex Trax onFebruary 25, 2009 in Japan. It reached 40th place in the Oricon classification, it remained classified for 2 weeks, for a total of 3,800 copies sold. It is released in CD and CD + DVD format.
Robert Stout is a British politician, the thirteenth prime minister of New Zealand twice between August 16, 1884 and October 8, 1887. Politics Portal Politics Portal New Zealand Portal New Zealand Portal
John II of Brittany, son of Jean Ier le Roux, Duke of Brittany, and Blanche of Champagne-Navarre, was Duke of Brittany, Count of Richmond and peer of France.
Tampa is the capital city of Hillsborough County, Florida. Florida is the third largest city after Jacksonville and Miami. Tampa is part of the so-called Tampa Bay area, officially known as Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater agglomeration. This agglomeration is approx. With a population of 2.7 million, it is the second largest in the state after Miami-Fort Lauderdale-West Palm Beach, shortly after South Florida.
The parish of Sainte-Anne is both a civil parish and a Canadian local service district in Madawaska County, northwestern New Brunswick. It includes the taxing authority of Siegas.
Michael Cartellone, born June 7, 1962 in Cleveland, is an American drummer who performs with the southern rock group Lynyrd Skynyrd. He belonged to the Damn Yankees supergroup and the German group Accept before joining Lynyrd Skynyrd in 1998.
Stefanus Lourens Muller was a South African politician, member of the National Party.
The Amalie Arena is a multi-purpose arena located along the Garrison Seaport District in Tampa, Florida. It is used primarily for ice hockey, basketball, indoor American football and concerts. Since 1996, its tenants have been the Tampa Bay Lightning, an ice hockey franchise of the National Hockey League. , and the Tampa Bay Storm of the Arena Football League.
The term Albanian can designate: politically, all citizens of Albania, regardless of their origins, languages ​​and cultures; culturally, an ethnic group that shares a common Albanian culture, speak Albanian as their native language and are of Albanian descent.
The Belarus Olympic football team represents Belarus in high-profile football competitions such as the Summer Olympics, to which players under 23 are invited.
Heaven is Depeche Mode's 50th single, taken from the thirteenth studio album titled Delta Machine. The title was unveiled on January 30, 2013 exclusively on the Kevin and Bean Morning show on American radio KROQ, as well as on several other radios around the world, including RTL2 in France. The single was made available for download on iTunes and Amazon on February 1. Heaven's music video first aired on the VEVO platform the same day.
The city of San Antonio is the seat of Bexar County, in the southern state of Texas, United States. In the 2020 federal census, its population was 1,434,625, making it the seventh largest city in the country and the second in Texas1. Its urban area, for its part, included 2,558,143 inhabitants in 2010.
Live Killers is Queen's debut live album, recorded in 1979.
Malartic is a mining town in Quebec located in the regional county municipality of La Vallée-de-l'Or and in the administrative region of Abitibi-Témiscamingue.
You Don't Know is the first single from Eminem's mixtape, Eminem Presents: The Re-Up. It features Eminem, 50 Cent, Lloyd Banks and Ca $ his, new artist from Shady Records. The single shows the relationship between the groups G-Unit and D12.
Heist-op-den-Berg - or in French: Heist-sur-la-Montagne - is a Dutch-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Flemish Region in the province of Antwerp. On January 1, 2013, the municipality had 40,560 inhabitants.
Princess Estelle Silvia Ewa Mary of Sweden, Duchess of Östergötland, born February 23, 2012 in Solna, is the only child of Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden and her husband Prince Daniel. She currently occupies the second place in the order of succession to the Swedish throne, after her mother and before her uncle Prince Carl Philip.
John Murray Anderson is a retired professional player and currently head ice hockey coach.
Crazy 4 U is the 10th single from Kumi Kōda released under the Rhythm Zone label on January 15, 2004 in Japan. He reached 12th place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 11,919 copies in the first week, and remained ranked for 6 weeks, for a total of 28,272 copies sold. Crazy 4 U was used as the opening credits music for the Gilgamesh anime. Crazy 4 U and Yume with You can be found on the Feel My Mind album.
Adélaïde de Suse or Adélais / Adaline de Suza or Adélaïde de Turin was an Italian princess of the Middle Ages, daughter of Oldéric-Manfred II of Oriate, margrave of Suze and Berthe of Tuscany of the house of Ivrea, margrave of Suze and Countess of Turin.
Victor-Amédée I of Savoy, born in Turin on May 8, 1587, died in Vercelli on October 7, 1637, was Duke of Savoy and Prince of Piedmont from 1630 to 1637.
Sainte-Sabine is a municipality in Quebec, located in the MRC of Brome-Missisquoi, in the administrative region of Montérégie. It is named in honor of the martyr Sabine of Rome.
The Hovedstaden region is one of the five regions of Denmark, created on January 1, 2007, comprising the former amter of Copenhagen and Frederiksborg, the municipalities of Copenhagen and Frederiksberg as well as the regional municipality of Bornholm. The 2,568 km2 area will be administered from Hillerød. The population on January 1, 2014 was 1,749,405.
Telangana is an Indian state created on June 2, 2014 from the western region of Andhra Pradesh.The capital of Telangana is Hyderabad.
The Hare is a constellation in the southern hemisphere. She has two shining stars: Arneb and Nihal.
Louis II, titular king of Naples, count of Provence and duke of Anjou.
Low is the third single from American singer Kelly Clarkson's 1st album, Thankful released in 2003.The song was written by "Jimmy Harry", this song is certainly the trigger for Kelly Clarkson's career, despite her poor performance in the charts, since it is the first of his songs to be pop / rock style, a style that will greatly influence his career.
Arabs are anthropologically different individuals from one another but who nevertheless identify themselves by linguistic and / or cultural ties. They are spread over a vast area stretching from Oman to Mauritania. They include descendants of inhabitants of the Arabian Peninsula and the Maghreb who speak variants of Arabic, a Semitic language. Thus defined, the Arabs are estimated at around 420 million in the world.
Vitório Maria Francisco de Sousa Coutinho Teixeira de Andrade Barbosa, also Count of Linhares is a Portuguese soldier and politician. Vitório is the son of D. Rodrigo Domingos de Sousa Coutinho, first count of Linhares and of Maria Gabriella Ignazia Asinari dei Marchesi di San Marzano. He married in 1820 D. Catherine Juliana of Sousa Holstein.
Mato Grosso is one of the Amazonian states located in the western part of Brazil.
Saint-Wenceslas is a Canadian municipality in Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Nicolet-Yamaska ​​and in the Center-du-Quebec administrative region, and is named in honor of Wenceslas I of Bohemia.
Lesser Poland Voivodeship is one of Poland's 16 voivodeships. Krakow is the chef-lieu.La voivodship was created on 1 January 1999 from the former voivodships of Kraków, Tarnów and Nowy S ± cz of d e cutting 1975 as well as parts of the former voivodship of Bielsko-Bia 3 a and Katowice, following in a 1998 law r é organizing of e country's administrative cutting.
Uprising is the 22nd single from the group Muse and the first single from The Resistance, their 5th album. This is the opening track of the disc. It was recorded between late 2008 and early 2009 in Milan with the rest of the album in Matthew Bellamy's personal studio and aired on UK airwaves on August 3, 2009 at 7:30 p.m. London time on digital sale from the next day August 4, 2009 and in stores one week before the release of the album is September 7, 2009.
Saint-Juste-du-Lac is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Témiscouata in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent.
Wilmington is a port city in New Hanover County, southeastern North Carolina, United States.
Surrender is an album by British electronic music group The Chemical Brothers, released on June 21, 1999.
Viña del Mar is a town near Valparaíso, in the Valparaíso region of Chile. It is located 120 kilometers from Santiago de Chile by road 68. The city is populated by 286,931 inhabitants. The seaside resort par excellence, it is surrounded by the towns of Valparaíso, Concón and Quilpué.
All Tomorrow's Parties is a song by Velvet Underground, written by Lou Reed and featured on the band's debut album.
Boswil is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland in the district of Muri.
Theodore Racing was a racing team founded by Hong Kong billionaire Theodore “Teddy” Yip. Theodore took part in the Formula 1 world championship from 1977 to 1978 and then from 1981 to 1983, competing in 64 Grands Prix. Theodore scored a total of 2 points.
L'Avenir is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of Drummond in Center-du-Quebec.
God Bless the Child is the eighth and final single from Canadian singer Shania Twain's 1995 album The Woman in Me. The song was written by Shania Twain and an extended version co-authored by Robert Mutt Lange. The song became The Woman in Me's first single to not enter country radio's top 40. The original album version is more of a poem than a song, done entirely a cappella.
Bhutan, in the long form the Kingdom of Bhutan, is a country in South Asia with no access to the sea.
The Honduran Football Championship, also known as Liga Nacional de Fútbol de Honduras or LINAFUT, is the most important Honduran professional football tournament in the country. It was established in 1965 and is played in the form of two semi-annual tournaments called Apertura and Clausura CD Olimpia is the club that has won the most title from LINAFUT, it also holds the record for the number of consecutive victories.
Basil I Dmitrievich, was Grand Duke of Moscow from 1389, eldest son of Demetrius Donskoi and Eudoxia Dmitrievna, daughter of Grand Prince Demetrius Constantinovich of Nizhny Novgorod.
Resistance is a song by the group Muse released in 2009. It is the 3rd single from the album after the hits Uprising and Undisclosed Desires and the band's 24th single. It was recorded between late 2008 and early 2009 in Milan with the rest of the album in Matthew Bellamy's personal studio. The release of the single was announced on January 11, 2010 along with an excerpt from the video. of the single.
Koerich is a Luxembourg locality and the capital of the municipality bearing the same name located in the canton of Capellen and the district of Luxembourg.
Ramiz Alia, is an Albanian statesman.
Thomas Joseph "Tom" Ridge, born August 26, 1945 in Munhall, Pennsylvania, is an American politician, member of the Republican Party, former Governor of Pennsylvania, and First Secretary of Homeland Security from 2003 to 2005.
Prague is the capital and the largest city of the Czech Republic. It is both one of the fourteen regions of the Czech Republic and the capital of the administrative region of Central Bohemia and the historic region of Bohemia. It is crossed by the Vltava. Prague is located in the heart of Central Europe.
Yolande de France or Yolande de Valois, born in Tours on September 23, 1434, died in Chambéry on August 23, 1478, was duchess consort of Savoy then regent of the duchy for her son Philibert. She is the daughter of Charles VII, King of France, and Marie d'Anjou.
Plato is a philosopher of ancient Greece, a contemporary of Athenian democracy, and of the sophists, whom he criticized vigorously.
Kori Udovi č ki is é economist and a Serbian politician. Without ed label, April 27, 2014, she was elected Vice President of the Government and Minister of Public Administration and Local Self-Government in the government of Aleksandar Vu č i ć .
Johann Kraus is a character in the Hellboy comic book series created by Mike Mignola.
Démoret is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois.
Windows Vista software is a proprietary operating system of the Microsoft Windows family, and more precisely of the Windows NT branch, developed and marketed by the Microsoft company. It was released in February 2007, more than five years after its predecessor, Windows XP. Its successor is Windows 7, released in October 2009. According to Microsoft, Windows Vista contains hundreds of new features.
Starlight is a song written and recorded by the British rock group Muse for their fourth studio album, Black Holes & Revelations, released in 2006. It is the second French single, released on September 4, 2006. It was released very quickly on numerous French radio.
James Francis Cameron is a Canadian director, screenwriter, producer and seabed explorer, born August 16, 1954 in Kapuskasing. He directed, wrote or produced the films Terminator, Aliens, the return, Abyss, Terminator 2, True Lies, Titanic, Ghosts of the Titanic and Avatar. In 1997, he broke a record with Titanic, a film dedicated to the 1912 sinking.
Molly Smitten-Downes, born April 2, 1987 in Leicestershire, England, is an English singer-songwriter.
Elizabeth of Luxembourg and Elizabeth of Goerlitz, born in Ho ř ovice in Boh ê me d é December 1390, died in Tr è ves August 3, 1451, was engaged Duchess è re Luxembourg 1411 to 1441.
Jack White, born John Anthony Gillis on July 9, 1975 in Detroit, United States, is an American musician, producer and actor of Polish origin, best known as a guitarist and singer. He is also a pianist and drummer. He is one of the pioneers of the garage rock renaissance with the duo The White Stripes. Jack is the youngest of seven siblings.
Jean Charles Marie Isidore de Bourbon, "Count of Montizón", born at the Royal Palace of Aranjuez on May 15, 1822 and died in Hove, Sussex on November 18, 1887, is a Carlist contender to the throne of Spain under the name of "John III ”and also the eldest of the Capetians and“ head of the house of France ”under the name of“ John III ”for the Legitimists.
Infanta Beatrice of Portugal was the daughter of King Ferdinand I of Portugal and his wife éléonore Teles de Menezes. It was at the center of a dynastic crisis which affected Portugal at the end of the 14th century.
Robyn Rihanna Fenty, known as Rihanna, born February 20, 1988 in Saint Michael, is a Barbadian singer and actress. Throughout her career, Rihanna has released seven studio albums and two remix albums, often changing her style. Her debut album Music of the Sun is dancehall, reggae and pop oriented, and her second album, A Girl like Me remains in the same style as its predecessor.
Alexander Dobrindt, born June 7, 1970 in Peißenberg, is a German politician and member of the Christian Social Union in Bavaria. He has been Federal Minister of Transport since December 17, 2013.
ŠK Slovan Bratislava is a Slovakian football club founded on May 3, 1919 in Bratislava under the name 1. Č s Š K Bratislava. It takes the name of Slovan Bratislava in 1952. The club is the most titr ed the country and most prestigious, all the major players of the Slovak Football mostly having worn the jersey of that team.
The Russo-Turkish War of 1877-1878 was a conflict between the Ottoman Empire and the Russian Empire, Romania, Serbia and Montenegro. It is the first conflict having as a backdrop the Pan-Slavism, assigning to Russia the duty to liberate the Slavic peoples still under Turkish domination and to constitute a Pan-Slavic confederation which would go from the Elbe to the Adriatic.
Fudbalski klub Partizan, in Serbian Cyrillic Фудбалски клуб Партизан, more commonly known as Partizan Belgrade is a professional Serbian football club based in Belgrade. It is an important part of the Partizan Belgrade omnisport club. The club plays in the Jelen Super Liga and has spent its entire history in the front row of Yugoslav, then Serbian football.
Do I Wanna Know? is the second single by indie rock band Arctic Monkeys from their fifth AM album. The song was released on June 19, 2013 along with a music video, and is now downloadable through iTunes. The vinyl version of the single was released on June 22, 2013, with the B-side "2013" 3.
Lennart Meri is an Estonian writer, filmmaker and politician. He was notably Minister of Foreign Affairs and President of the Republic on two occasions from 1992 to 2001.
In law, the lawyer is a lawyer whose traditional function is to advise and defend his clients, natural or legal persons, in court, by pleading to assert their interests and, more generally, to represent them. The lawyer performs an advisory and drafting function.
White Plains is a city in the United States of America, in Westchester County, New York. It is located 30 km north of downtown New York. Its population is about 53,000 people. Engineer Assen Yordanov died in White Plains.
Mari Yaguchi is a former Japanese idol of Hello! Project, former member of the popular groups Morning Musume and Mini Moni, singer, actress, model, radio and television host, noted among other things for her small height of 1.45 meters.
Roberta Flack is an American soul, jazz, and folk singer born February 10, 1937 in Asheville, North Carolina. She is best known for her interpretation, in 1972, of the song Killing Me Softly With His Song, also sung by dozens of other artists and which will also be a success, in 1996, in a version due to the Fugees.
Release is the second album by English rock band Dire Straits, released in 1979.
Sainte-Marguerite-Marie is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of La Matapédia in Bas-Saint-Laurent. It is about ten kilometers south-east of the town of Causapscal. The 2006 census counted 222 residents there.
Aurillac, is a town in south-central France, prefecture of the Cantal department, in the Auvergne region. Its inhabitants are called the Aurillacois and the Aurillacoises.
Jan Kohout, born March 29, 1961 in Pilsen, is a Czech politician, member of Č SSD and Minister tch è that Business e trang è res on two occasions, from 2009 to 2010 and from 2013 to , 2014.
Sir Graham Watson, a British politician, Member of the European Parliament, from the Liberal Democrats Party, was first elected in 1994. He represents the constituency of South West England and in the European Parliament he was chairman of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe group from July 2004 to July 2009.
Diana Ross, born March 26, 1944 in Detroit, Michigan, United States, is an American soul, pop, and rhythm and blues singer. Several records in which she participated went on to become gold records or platinum records, and as the singer of the Supremes, from the Motown record company, she was involved in the creation of several songs which had great success, including You Can't Hurry Love, Love Child, Someday, We'll be Together and Stop! in the Name of Love.
Charles Bathurst was a British Colonial Administrator, Governor General of New Zealand from March 19, 1930 to March 15, 1935. Politics Portal British Empire Portal British Empire Portal New Zealand Portal New Zealand Portal
The Pakistan Justice Movement or Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf is a political party in Pakistan founded by Imran Khan in 1996. Founded on April 25, 1996, the party has long remained marginal, but becomes with the legislative elections of 2013 the one of the main forces of the country, competing with the main parties. The party is close to Pakistani nationalism and intends to have a central position on the political spectrum.
Carlos Solchaga Catalán, born May 28, 1944 in Tafalla, is a Spanish politician, member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party. Having become a Member of Parliament in 1980, he was appointed Minister of Industry after the victory of the PSOE in 1982, then Minister of the Economy and Finance, three years later. He left the government in 1993 to take up the post of spokesperson for the Socialist group in the Congress of Deputies. He gave it up the following year and left politics in 1996.
Saarbrücken is the capital of the border Land of Saarland, the smallest German state - cities-Länder excepted - in surface area and in population, although very densely populated. Its population is around 180,000 inhabitants. The urban community of Saarbrücken has around 350,000 inhabitants.
The thirteenth government of Croatia is the government of the Republic of Croatia between January 22 and October 19, 2016, during the eighth legislature of the Diet.
Moutier is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Bern, located in the administrative district of the Bernese Jura.
Félix Trinidad is a Puerto Rican boxer born January 10, 1973 in Cupey Alto. Idol of his country, he dominated the welterweight category in the 1990s.
Libramont-Chevigny is a French-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Walloon region in the province of Luxembourg. Libramont also designates the locality which was a full municipality before the merger of the municipalities and where the municipal administration of Libramont-Chevigny now sits. As of February 1, 2013, the total population of the municipality is 10,826 inhabitants, called Libramontois.
The Amhara region is one of the nine Ethiopian regions resulting from the administrative division of 1994-1995, during the establishment of the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia. The 3rd Region-State wrote its own constitutional text in 1998.
The Kingdom of Montenegro was a constitutional monarchy in southeastern Europe in the Balkans, existing from August 28, 1910 to November 28, 1918.
L'Ascension is a municipality that is part of the regional county municipality of Antoine-Labelle in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Laurentides. Its name refers to the Ascension of Jesus Christ, and the 2006 census counted 861 inhabitants.
Coeuve is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Jura.
I'm Free is a Rolling Stones song, released in 1965 on the Out of Our Heads and December's Children albums, as well as the B-side of the single Get Off of My Cloud.
Sins is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Muri.
Rasmus Helveg Petersen, born June 17, 1968 in Copenhagen, is a Danish politician, member of the Radical Left and currently Minister for Climate and Energy.
Marie-Caroline de Schwarzbourg-Rudolstadt, born January 29, 1850 and died April 22, 1922, is the third wife of Frédéric-François II, Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin. She is notably the grandmother of Queen Juliana of the Netherlands.
The Colorado Party is a Uruguayan political party. It was created by Fructuoso Rivera. It is a predominantly liberal party and one of Uruguay's two traditional parties, along with the White Party. A member of COPPPAL, he, like the White Party, is crossed by various tendencies, thus bringing together personalities ranging from the center-left to the extreme-right.
Corgémont is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Bern, located in the administrative district of the Bernese Jura.
Surf music is a musical genre that appeared in California at the end of the 1950s which took off in 1961 and enjoyed a certain popularity until 1964. Closely linked to surfing and its culture then flourishing in the vicinity of Los Angeles, it is characterized by short, concentrated and fast songs with simple and playful melodies, on rhythms similar to rock'n'roll of which it is a derivative.
Minas Gerais is one of the federated states of Brazil, located in the north-west of the south-eastern region of the country. It has an area of ​​588,383 km2 and has about 20,595,499 inhabitants. Its climate is tropical with an average temperature annual temperature of 21 ° C. Its capital is Belo Horizonte. Main cities: Belo Horizonte, Contagem, Juiz de Fora, Montes Claros, Uberlandia, Governador Valadares, Uberaba, Divinópolis, Barbacena and Itabira. This state is rich in precious stone mines and especially Emerald mines.
Nuremberg is a city in Bavaria, Germany. With 498,876 inhabitants in December 2013, it is the second largest city in Bavaria after Munich. It is the economic center of the Middle Franconia district and one of the main industrial centers in southern Germany.
Don't Think Twice, It's All Right is a song by Bob Dylan, written in 1962 and released on The Freewheelin 'Bob Dylan album. Dylan presented it as “a claim that maybe you can tell yourself to feel better like you're talking to yourself.” This song is based on a tune Dylan learned from folk singer Paul Clayton.
Tel Aviv-Jaffa, is a city located on the Mediterranean coast in the heart of the metropolis of Gush Dan in Israel.
Ignazio La Russa, born July 18, 1947 in Paternò, is an Italian lawyer and politician, former Minister of Defense of his country until the resignation of the Berlusconi IV government. He has been an uninterrupted parliamentarian for 21 years and 2 days after his re-election, which ranks him tied for second in the House.
Ernest of Saxony, born in Meissen on January 24, 1441 and died on August 26, 1486 in Colditz, is a co-elector of Saxony, count palatine of Saxony, co-margrave of Misnie from 1464 to 1485, a co-landgrave of Thuringia from 1482 in 1485, an Elector of Saxony and Count of Saxony, Landgrave of Thuringia from 1485 to 1486.
Jean Adolphe de Holstein-Gottorp,, born February 27, 1575 at Gottorf Castle and died March 31, 1616 in Schleswig. He was Co-Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Gottorp from 1587 to 1590, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Gottorp of 1590 to 1616, Prince-Bishop of Lübeck from 1586 to 1607, Prince-Archbishop of Bremen from 1585 to 1596.
Gloucester County is located in northeastern New Brunswick, Canada.
The Extraliga is the name of the elite ice hockey league in Slovakia. HKm Zvolen is the 2012-2013 league champion.
The New York Yankees are a Major League Baseball franchise located in the Bronx, New York.
Rapperswil-Jona Lakers is an ice hockey club from the town of Rapperswil in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. He plays in the National League A and is trained by Harry Rogenmoser.
Bubblegum pop is a genre of pop music designed and marketed with the aim of attracting a teenage and pre-teen audience, often led by producers and using unknown performers. The proliferation of bubblegum music took place between 1967 and 1972.
The Austral Pisces is a small constellation in the southern hemisphere. It is especially notable for its main star, Fomalhaut.
Jean-Loup Jacques Marie Chrétien, born in La Rochelle on August 20, 1938, is a French astronaut from CNES. He was the first Frenchman and the first Western European in space in 1982. He was also the first non-Russian and non-American to perform a spacewalk in space.
Archduchess Constance of Austria was Queen Consort of Poland.
The province of Småland is a historic province in southern Sweden. It is bordered on the east by the Baltic Sea, then gradually rises towards the west at the level of the highlands of southern Sweden. Over a large part of the province, the soil is sparse, the granite base even outcropping in certain areas. The province is therefore little cultivated, and the landscape therefore gives pride of place to coniferous forests.
The Parish of Lorne is both a civil parish and a Canadian local service district in New Brunswick.
Togoontomor in Mongolian, or Shundi in Chinese is the ninth and last emperor of China of the Yuan dynasty.Togoontomor ascended the throne in 1333. According to the history of the Karmapa of Tibet, the 3rd Karmapa Rangjung Dorje visited China and placed his disciple Toghon Temur on the throne.
Stop Me If You Think You've Heard This One Before is a song by The Smiths, released in 1987.
Edward John "Ed" Markey, born July 11, 1946, is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party. He has been a senator from Massachusetts since July 16, 2013.
Anton Newcombe is an American singer-songwriter, born August 29, 1967.
Sir Robert Edward "Lucky" Laycock KCMG, CB, DSO, KStJ, born April 18, 1907 in London, United Kingdom and died March 10, 1968, is a British major general known for his service in commando units during WWII.
Michael Collins, born October 31, 1930 in Rome, Italy, is an American astronaut who participated in the US Gemini and Apollo space programs. He was, in 1969, the "third man" of the Apollo 11 mission, which allowed man's first steps on the moon.
Lavigny is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
Saginaw is an American city in the state of Michigan, with a population in 2000 of 51,508. The city is the seat of the county of Saginaw. The city was founded in 1815 by the trapper of French Canadian origin Louis Campau who created a fur trading post.
Erskine Hamilton Childers, Irish politician, was the fourth President of Ireland from 25 June 1973 to 17 November 1974. He studied law at Trinity College, Dublin, was elected Member of Parliament for Fianna Fáil in 1938, became Parliamentary Secretary to the ministry of local affairs.
Just Give Me a Reason is a song by Pink with American singer Nate Ruess released in January 2013. The song is taken from the album The Truth About Love.
Guerrino Zanotti, born October 24, 1962 in the city of San Marino, is a San Marino politician, captain-regent of San Marino from October 1, 2014 to April 1, 2015, in tandem with Gianfranco Terenzi.
Picasso Baby is a song by American rapper Jay-Z, taken from his 12th studio album Magna Carta ... Holy Grail.
Middlesbrough is a city in England, a port near the North Sea, located on the south bank of the River Tees. Part of the ceremonial county of North Yorkshire, as well as the unitary authority of Middlesbrough. Its population is 142,690 inhabitants.
The Vice-Chancellor is a member of the Austrian Federal Government who may be called upon to deputize for the Federal Chancellor. The current Vice-Chancellor is the Conservative Michael Spindelegger, also Federal Minister for European and International Affairs.
Maggie May is a traditional English song from Liverpool. A brief fragment of a performance of this song by The Beatles during the Get Back sessions in 1969 appeared on the Let It Be album in 1970 under the title Maggie Mae. This "song" was not retained on the "cleaned" version of the album, Let It Be ...
Battle for the Sun is Placebo's sixth album, released on June 8, 2009, and the first recorded with Steve Forrest.
Get Together is the third single from Madonna's tenth studio album; Confessions on a Dance Floor. Written and produced primarily by Madonna and Stuart Price, the song has a very dancey tone that sticks to the sound of the album. The song went on sale June 6 in the United States and June 10, 2006 for the rest of the world.
Soyuz 31 is a Soyuz program mission that took place in 1978.
Courtételle is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Jura, located in the district of Delémont.
Patrick André Leclercq, born August 2, 1938 in Lille, is a French diplomat. Between 2000 and 2005, he was Minister of State for the Principality of Monaco.
The Elite Ice Hockey League is a professional ice hockey championship in the UK. Established in 2003 after the demise of the Ice Hockey Superleague, it represents the highest level of hockey played in the UK. ten teams that represent the four nations of the UK, the only league, in any sport, to do so.
Scunthorpe United Football Club is an English football club founded in 1899. The club, based in Scunthorpe, has been playing in League One since the 2014-2015 season.
Mohamed Taieb Naciri, born December 14, 1939 in Casablanca and died May 29, 2012 in Rabat, is a Moroccan lawyer and politician. He was Minister of Justice in the El Fassi government from January 4, 2010 to January 3, 2012.
Azerbaijan_au_Concours_Eurovision_de_la_chanson at the Eurovision Song Contest, since its fifty-third edition, in 2008, and won it once, in 2011.
I'm Gonna Getcha Good is the first single from the album Up! by Shania Twain.
Syreeta Wright, or more simply Syreeta, is an American singer and songwriter.
Calcio Catania is an Italian football club based in the city of Catania, Sicily, and founded in 1908, and is chaired by Antonino Pulvirenti, owner of the airline company Wind Jet. The Sicilian side play for the 2013-14 season in Serie A but are retroceded to Serie B for the following season.The club have some rivalry with the other big Sicilian club, US Palermo.
The Korean War fought from June 25, 1950 to July 27, 1953 between the Republic of Korea, supported by the United Nations, and the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, supported by the People's Republic of China and the Soviet Union. It results from the division of Korea following an agreement between the victorious Allies in the Pacific War at the end of World War II.
David Jon Gilmour CBE, born March 6, 1946 in Grantchester, near Cambridge, was a British musician, singer and songwriter with the group Pink Floyd for most of his career. In 2011, Rolling Stone magazine ranked him as the 14th best guitarist of all time. David Gilmour was also named "best Fender player of all time" by a poll carried out by the specialist magazine Guitarist, topping out ahead of other legendary musicians such as Jimi Hendrix and Eric Clapton.
Chiny is a French-speaking city in Belgium located in the Walloon Region in the province of Luxembourg. Chiny is part of Lorraine Gaumaise.
The canton of Mersch is a Luxembourg canton located in the center of Luxembourg, in the district of Luxembourg. Its capital is Mersch.The canton is made up of 11 municipalities: Bissen Boevange-sur-Attert Colmar-Berg Fischbach Heffingen Larochette Lintgen Lorentzweiler Mersch Nommern Tuntange
Húnán is a Chinese province in the interior of China. Its capital is Changsha.
Dear Mama is a song by hip-hop artist 2Pac. The track was produced by Tony Pizarro for 2Pac's third solo album, Me Against the World, and released as a single on February 21, 1995. This song, written by 2Pac, is an ode to his mother, Afeni Shakur. of the album, this title is the most successful.
Chittenden County is located in the northwestern US state of Vermont. The county seat city is Burlington. According to the 2010 census, its population is 156,545. Chittenden is the most populous county in the state of Vermont.
Iñigo Urkullu Renteria is a Spanish Basque politician of Basque nationalist ideology, president of the Basque government since December 15, 2012.
Volodymyr Rybak, born October 3, 1946 in Donetsk, is a Ukrainian politician, chairman of the Supreme Council, the unicameral Parliament of Ukraine, from December 13, 2012 to February 21, 2014.
The Cuzco region is located in central Peru. Its capital, Cuzco, is the ancient capital of the Incas.
Lac-Walker is an unorganized territory that is part of the regional county municipality of Sept-Rivières in Quebec, which is part of the administrative region of Côte-Nord. It contains Lake Walker, the deepest lake in Quebec.
This Means War is the thirty-first single from the group Nickelback and the third from the album Here and Now released in 2011.
Princess Irene of the Netherlands, Princess of Orange-Nassau, Princess of Lippe-Biesterfeld, born August 5, 1939 at Soestdijk Palace, Baarn, is the second daughter of Queen Juliana of the Netherlands and the Prince Consort Bernhard from Lippe-Biesterfeld.
You Don't Care About Us is a song by the rock band Placebo.
The "Ramnulfides" or "house of Poitiers" is a Frankish family from which were descended the Dukes of Aquitaine and Counts of Poitiers as well as the kings of Cyprus and the princes of Antioch.
Begnins is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Nyon and part of the wine-growing area of ​​the Vaud Coast.
Beaumont is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Bellechasse in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches. It is also one of the oldest municipalities in Canada. It is a small municipality which is characterized in particular by agriculture and its economy functions by its small businesses at the service of the people of the municipality.
Lerkendal Station is a stopover on the Leangen Line in the Lerkendal district and was commissioned in 1988. It is 4.66 km from Trondheim Station. Initially, the line was only used to transport goods. The train stop is between SINTEF and Lerkendal Stadion.
Olomouc is a city of 102,000 inhabitants in north-central Moravia, in the Czech Republic. Located on the banks of the Morava, Olomouc is, along with Brno, the historical, political, religious and university center of Moravia. It is home to Palacky University and the Archdiocese of Moravia.
A policeman or police officer is a member of the police, whether or not he is in uniform, and whose function is to uphold the law, maintain order and ensure public safety. lucrative dimension of police activity, Desurmont is said to have written: “The taking of the oath is not a guarantee of morality. In most states, police officers can carry a weapon while on duty.
The 7th Infantry Division was created by Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington, as part of the Anglo-Portuguese army. She took part in the fighting during the Spanish War of Independence. She then participated in the First World War where she began the conflict on the western front before ending it on the Italian front. It was present in Palestine and Egypt in 1938, the division was renamed to 6th division in 1939.
Contra Costa County is a county in the state of California in the United States. In the 2010 census, it had 1,049,025 inhabitants. Its seat is Martinez.
Robert WJ Ghiz, born January 21, 1974 in Charlottetown, is a Canadian politician, member of the Liberal Party of Prince Edward Island, Member of Parliament for Charlottetown-Brighton and Premier of the province from June 12, 2007 to 13 November 2014, when he resigned to "move on" and let a successor take over before the upcoming elections a year later.
Heidemarie Wieczorek-Zeul, born Zeul in Frankfurt am Main on November 21, 1942, is a German politician who belongs to the Social Democratic Party of Germany. She joined the SPD at the age of 23, and became in 1974 Federal President of the Young Socialists, where she acquired her nickname "Heidi the Red". In 1979, she was elected Member of the European Parliament, a mandate she held until her election to the Bundestag in 1987.
The Iowa Chops are a professional ice hockey franchise of the American Hockey League in North America. They are part of the western division in the western conference.
Livin 'Thing is a song by Electric Light Orchestra, released in 1976 on the album A New World Record. It is the first single from the album, with the B-side Fire On High in the United Kingdom and Ma-Ma-Ma Belle in the United States. This single is ranked 4th in the UK and 13th in the US Rock portal Rock portal Music portal Music portal • Song section
Aironi Rugby was an Italian rugby union franchise established in 2010 to compete in the Celtic League and the European Cup. It is the result of the cooperation of several clubs: Rugby Viadana, Gran Parma Rugby, Rugby Parma as well as the clubs of Colorno, Noceto, Reggio Emilia, Modena and Mantova.
Enyimba International Football Club is a Nigerian football club founded in November 1976 and located in the town of Aba.
The Silesian Voivodeship is one of the 16 administrative regions of Poland. Katowice is the chef-lieu.La voivodship was created on 1 January 1999 from the former voivodship of Katowice, Cz ę stochowa and Bielsko-Bia 3 has, in response to a 1998 law r é organizing of e cutting administration of the country, thus recovering the situation existing from 1950 to 1975.
The Honorable Pierre de Bané, PC is a Canadian Senator. He is the first person of Arab descent to be elected to the House of Commons of Canada: he was elected in the riding of Matane, which later became Matapédia — Matane. He is also a former member of the Cabinet of Canada. De Bané was born in Haifa, Mandatory Palestine, to Lebanese parents.
Sainte-Clotilde is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Les Jardins-de-Napierville in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Montérégie. The parish of Sainte-Clotilde was erected canonical in 1884 following the cession of a part of the territory of Saint-Jean-Chrysostome.
George Timothy Clooney is an American actor, director, screenwriter and film producer born May 6, 1961 in Lexington. He rose to fame for his role as Doctor Doug Ross in the television series Emergencies. Since then, he has had an important film career through Ocean's Eleven, Confessions of a Dangerous Man, Good Night and Good Luck and Syriana.
John Stewart Herrington is an American Republican politician. He served as the United States Secretary of Energy under Ronald Reagan during his second term.
The Executive Vice President of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela is the second figure in the State of Venezuela. The Vice-President is the closest collaborator of the President of the Republic according to the Constitution. The post of Vice-President of the Republic appears in the Constitution of 1830 until that of 1858, then again in that of 1999.
Quicksilver is a song by Pink Floyd, featured on the album More. This is the eleventh track on the album. He also appears, in a shorter form, in the musical piece The Man and the Journey, under the title Sleep. The song consists of a series of sound effects, often derived from concrete music techniques.
Better than You is the fifth track on Metallica's ReLoad album. The song won the 1999 Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance; it was the group's fourth award in this category. The lyrical theme could be seen as an ironic take on arrogance.
Must! Now is the 15th single from the Jpop group Morning Musume.
Welcome to Atlanta is the first single from Jermaine Dupri's 2002 album Instructions. It is featured with Ludacris. The track, produced by JD and co-produced by Bryan Michael Cox, samples an excerpt from the track Five Minutes of Funk by rap group Whodini. The remix is ​​featuring P. Diddy, Murphy Lee and Snoop Dogg.
Thorstein Bunde Veblen is an American economist and sociologist. He was a member of the Technical Alliance founded in 1918-19 by Howard Scott, which gave birth to the technocratic movement.
Panama is the capital and most populous city of the Republic of Panama, located on the Pacific coast at the entrance to the Panama Canal. It is also the capital of the homonymous province.
Jenny Shipley, born February 4, 1952 in Gore, is a New Zealand politician and member of the National Party. She served as Prime Minister from December 8, 1997 to December 5, 1999, becoming the first woman to hold this post in her country.
The Prime Ministers of Nagorno-Karabakh are the successive heads of government in Nagorno-Karabakh since 1992, following its self-proclaimed independence.
Kambo station is a Norwegian railway stop on the Østfold line, located in the territory of the municipality of Moss in the county of Viken.
James Hunt, born August 29, 1947 in Belmont, England, and died of a heart attack on June 15, 1993 at Wimbledon, is a British racing driver who distinguished himself above all in Formula 1, a discipline in which he raced from 1973 in 1979 and won the world championship in 1976.
Aurinkolahti is a section of the Vuosaari district in Helsinki, the capital of Finland.
Päijät-Häme is the name of a region in southern Finland. Its capital is Lahti.The region ranks 8th among the country's regions in terms of population, while it is ranked 18th in area.
The Llanelli Scarlets are a provincial Welsh rugby team competing in Pro12, Anglo-Welsh Cup and European Cup, founded in 2003 by the union of Llanelli RFC clubs and local clubs. He has been playing since 2008 in the new Parc y Scarlets stadium, replacing Stradey Park and Racecourse Ground.
Terror Squad is an American hip-hop and R&B label founded by Fat Joe in the Bronx, New York. The label was with Relativity Records and Atlantic Records, but now the label and its artists are with Imperial Records and Virgin Records from EMI.
Claude Nicollier, born September 2, 1944 in Vevey, Switzerland, is an astrophysicist and astronaut with the European Space Agency. In 1992, he became the first Swiss in space. He flew four missions aboard different shuttles, two of which were dedicated to repair and maintenance of the Hubble Space Telescope.
Essertes is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Lavaux-Oron.
The Quebec Remparts are a major junior hockey team of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League. Their city of residence is Quebec City and local games are played at the Colisée de Quebec, the former arena of the Quebec Nordiques of the National Hockey League.
Šumadija district is an administrative subdivision of the Republic of Serbia. In the 2011 census, it had 290,900 inhabitants.
Sør-Trøndelag County is a Norwegian county located in the center of the country, between the Norwegian Sea and Sweden. It is neighboring the counties of Nord-Trøndelag, Møre og Romsdal, Oppland and Hedmark. Its administrative center is located in Trondheim, which concentrates most of the county's population. Sør-Trøndelag is home to the historic mining town of Røros, which was listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1980.
Joan of Burgundy, called Jeanne la Boiteuse, was, by marriage, queen consort of France from 1328 to 1349. She is the daughter of Duke Robert II of Burgundy and Agnes of France.
Fetu'u Vainikolo, born January 30, 1985 in Tongatapu, is a Tongan international rugby player playing as a winger. He has played with the Utah Warriors in Major League Rugby since 2018. He is 1.82 m tall for 95 kg.
The United States 5th Corps - nicknamed the Victory Corps - is a corps of the United States Army that was disbanded on September 15, 2013. Its headquarters are at Wiesbaden Army Airfield in Wiesbaden, Germany. It is subordinate to the US 7th Army, also known as US Army Europe.
The Day The World Went Away is a 1999 single from Nine Inch Nails.
Mea Culpa is a song by German new age band Enigma, first released as an original on the MCMXC aD album in 1990 under the title Mea Culpa and second from the album as a single the following year.
Joseph-Octave Samson is a Quebec politician. He was mayor of Quebec from 1920 to 1926, he was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec on several occasions.
Jovan Krkobabi ć is a former Serbian political man, pr ed president of the withdrawal of party e s United Serbia.
Jacques Laffitte is a French banker and politician born in Bayonne on October 24, 1767 and died in Paris on May 26, 1844.Jacques Laffitte experienced a rapid rise in the world of banking which led him to the post of governor of the Banque de France. A liberal deputy, he took part in the July Revolution in 1830 and became president of the Council of Louis-Philippe Ier.
Saddam Hussein Abd al-Majid al-Tikriti, commonly known as Saddam Hussein, is an Iraqi statesman, allegedly born April 28, 1937 in Al-Awja, near Tikrit, and executed by hanging on December 30, 2006 in Baghdad. Fifth President of the Republic of Iraq, he held this post from July 16, 1979 to April 9, 2003.
Dominique Voynet, born November 4, 1958 in Montbéliard, is a French anesthetist and politician. She is one of the historic figures of the Greens, a party she twice represented in the presidential election. Following the merger of the Greens and Europe écologie, it is a member of Europe écologie Les Verts. She was mayor of Montreuil from March 22, 2008 to April 4, 2014. She was then appointed general inspector of social affairs.
The American Hockey League is a professional ice hockey league made up of thirty franchises located in Canada and the United States. The league is called in English American Hockey League and is often referred to by the acronyms LAH or AHL. The LAH is structured for the 2013-2014 season in two Associations of fifteen franchises. Each association is made up of three divisions of five formations.
The Hungarian Coalition Party is an ethnic political party in Slovakia from the Hungarian minority.
The Algarve is an administrative region located in the south of mainland Portugal. The city of Faro is its administrative capital; its inhabitants are called Algarvians.
Armageddon is an American film directed by Michael Bay and released in 1998.
Maastricht; in French Maëstricht or Maestricht; and in Spanish Mastrique - is a city in the Netherlands, located in the south of the province of Limburg of which it is the capital. Maastricht developed from a Roman colony into a religious center, then into a garrison town and finally into a pre-industrial town.
The very noble Order of the Garter is the highest of the British orders of chivalry, founded on April 23, 1348 on Saint George's Day, in the middle of the Hundred Years War, by King Edward III. According to legend, the creation of this The order was said to have been decided by King Edward III at a ball in Calais, where he danced with his mistress, the Countess of Salisbury.
Hermenches is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Broye-Vully. Cited in 1254, it was part of the district of Moudon from 1798 to 2007. The town was populated by 367 inhabitants in 2013.
Chiba Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located in the Kantō region with Chiba as its capital.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs, also known as Itamaraty, is the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the government of the Federative Republic of Brazil and is responsible for the preparation and implementation of the country's foreign policy.
Ballens is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
The Mozilla Foundation is a non-profit organization established in July 2003 to manage the development and publicity of free software from the Mozilla suite. It succeeds Netscape Communications Corporation as the umbrella entity for mozilla.org. The foundation's mission is to “preserve choice and innovation on the Internet”.
New Morning is the eleventh studio album by Bob Dylan, American folk-rock singer-songwriter, released in 1970.
Chavannes-sur-Moudon is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Broye-Vully. Including a chapel from the thirteenth century, it was part of the district of Moudon from 1803 to 2007. The town was populated by 225 inhabitants in 2013.
Ridha Grira, born August 21, 1955 in Sousse, is a Tunisian politician.
Saanen, also called Gessenay in French, is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Bern, located in the administrative district of Haut-Simmental-Gessenay of which it is the capital.
The West Department is one of Haiti's ten departments. It has an area of ​​4,983 km2 and an estimated population of 3,664,620. The national capital, Port-au-Prince is the capital.
Larry Graham, born August 14, 1946 in Beaumont, Texas, is an American funk and pop singer, bassist and songwriter. We owe him the invention of the technique known as the slap, which made it possible to enrich the range of sounds available on his favorite instrument.
Nice Guys Finish Last is a song by the American punk rock band Green Day, taken from their album Nimrod, released in 1997. It was the fourth single from the album. The song ranked # 4 in the US charts, # 15 in the UK charts and # 11 in the French charts, and was also featured on International Superhits !, a compilation of Green Day singles released in 2001.
James Iovine, better known as Jimmy Iovine, is an American businessman and music producer born March 11, 1953 in New York City. He began as a sound engineer, working for Bruce Springsteen in particular, before producing artists like the Patti Smith Group, Tom Petty, Stevie Nicks, or even U2, during the 1970s and 1980s. Co-founder of Interscope Records in 1990, Iovine chaired the Interscope Geffen A&M label, a subsidiary of Universal Music Group.
Hallelujah is the 2nd single from Riot !, the 2nd album by American punk rock band Paramore. The song is definitely not to be confused with Hallelujah by Leonard Cohen, although Paramore played a sample of this very famous song, as a musical bridge before performing Hallelujah, on their live album The Final Riot!. The single was only released in the UK on September 18, 2007. Hallelujah's music video consists of footage from the band's previous tour, these sequences are interspersed with a shot where we see a poster, where these same touring sequences are "hung", filling with the lyrics of the song.
The Melun Val de Seine agglomeration community is a French inter-municipal structure, located in the department of Seine-et-Marne and the Île-de-France region.
Madeleine of France or Madeleine de Valois was queen consort of Scotland by her marriage to King Jacques V of Scotland.
Jesse Louis Jackson, Jr. is an American politician, member of the Democratic Party. In 1995, he sat as representative of the second district of Illinois in the United States House of Representatives before resigning on November 21, 2012 following a scandal.
License is Aya Ueto's 4th album, released under the Pony Canyon label on March 8, 2006 in Japan. He reached 19th place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 16,029 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 4 weeks, for a total of 21,746 copies sold. It is released in CD and CD + DVD format.
Krautrock is a musical genre that appeared at the end of the 1960s, mainly represented by groups from West Germany. It is often considered a sub-genre of progressive rock, like zeuhl in France for example. Kraftwerk, it experienced a resurgence of interest in the 1980s, when the peak of the style was in the mid-1970s.
Bristol is a village municipality in Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of Pontiac and in the administrative region of the Outaouais. The township of Bristol borders the north shore of Lac-des-Chats, widening of the Ottawa River. Rather rural, this township includes two small towns: Norway Bay and Bristol.
France 5 is a French generalist public service television channel, which succeeded La Cinquième on January 7, 2002 and is part of the France Télévisions group. Its identification color within the public television group is green and is found throughout its antenna trim. Its programs focus on education, knowledge and knowledge. It is available on TNT, cable, satellite, xDSL television and Internet.
Surayud Chulanont, a retired Thai general, served as Prime Minister of Thailand from October 1, 2006 to January 29, 2008 and Minister of the Interior from October 2, 2007 to January 29, 2008, and led the Thai Army of 1998 to 2002. At the end of 2003, he was appointed advisor to King Bhumibol Adulyadej.
Taking Chances is the first single from Celine Dion's Taking Chances album. The song is written by Kara DioGuardi and David A. Stewart. DioGuardi also wrote the song Surprise, Surprise which is found on this same album. This is a cover of the Platinum Weird group.
Boulogne-Billancourt is a French commune in Hauts-de-Seine in the Île-de-France region, the most populous of the Île-de-France communes after Paris. Major economic center of Île-de-France, Boulogne-Billancourt hosted in 2006 a dozen of thousands of companies, making it the second largest in the Paris region after Paris.
The Honorable Daniel Phillip Hays, PC, BA, LL.B. is a Canadian politician. He was Speaker of the Senate of Canada from 2001 to 2006 and, following the defeat of the Liberal Party in the 2006 election, became Leader of the Liberal Party of Canada in the Senate. He was the Leader of the Opposition in the Senate from 2006 to 2007. Hays is the son of Harry Hays, who served as Minister of Agriculture in Prime Minister Lester Pearson's government.
Chichester is a township municipality in Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of Pontiac and in the administrative region of Outaouais.
Leena Marjatta Luhtanen, born February 12, 1941 in Kuopio, is a Finnish politician, member of the Social Democratic Party of Finland.
Busta Rhymes, real name Trevor Tahiemen Smith, Jr., is an American rapper and actor.
Cypress Hill is a Latin American rap group, formed in 1988, originally from California.
Jetairfly is a Belgian airline which operates regular flights. It is part of the largest tourism group in the world, the TUI AG group, based in Hanover, Germany which owns many airlines including Corsair International, TUIfly, TUIfly Nordic, Thomson Airways and Arkefly.Jetairfly flies to the Mediterranean, the islands Canaries, Red Sea, Cape Verde, Africa, Asia and the Caribbean.
Abdülaziz or Abd ül-Aziz was the 32nd Sultan of the Ottoman Empire from June 25, 1861 to May 30, 1876, when he abdicated after attempting reforms that displeased his own ministers. He died assassinated four days later.
Clementine Ogilvy Spencer-Churchill, Baroness Spencer-Churchill GBE, CSTJ, née Hozier was the wife of Winston Churchill.
Zeihen is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Laufenburg.
Carlo Furno, born December 2, 1921 in Bairo, in the province of Turin, Piedmont, is an Italian cardinal, Grand Master Emeritus of the Order of the Holy Sepulcher of Jerusalem since 2007.
Shut Up and Dance is a song by the American group Aerosmith from the album Get a Grip and released as the sixth single. Shut Up and Dance is performed by the group Aerosmith in the film Wayne's World 2, before the end credits. The live version was released on the film's soundtrack on December 14, 1993.
The Wasp aka Janet Van Dyne is a superheroine belonging to the universe of Marvel Comics. She's a founding member of the Avengers, and she's the one who named the group. It was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby in Tales to Astonish # 44.
Saint-Roch-de-Mékinac is a parish municipality in Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Mékinac and in the administrative region of Mauricie.
Roches is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Bern, located in the administrative district of the Bernese Jura.
General Thein Sein, born April 20, 1945, is a Burmese soldier and politician. Prime Minister from 2007 to 2011, he was elected President of the Republic on February 4, 2011, following elections considered to be rigged by the opposition and by the international community.
émile Ollivier, born July 2, 1825 in Marseille and died in Saint-Gervais-les-Bains on August 20, 1913, is a French politician.
The Atlanta Hawks are an NBA basketball franchise based in Atlanta, Georgia.
Prijepolje is a city and a municipality in Serbia located in the district of Zlatibor and in the region of Sand ž ak.
Piggy is an American industrial metal song by the band Nine Inch Nails, and the second track The Downward Spiral. It was written by Trent Reznor, co-produced by Flood, and recorded on “The Pig.” “Piggy” is among the album's three songs with animal names, the others being “March Of The Pigs” and “ Reptile". The title of the song was also inspired by the crime of Charles Manson.
Show Me Your Soul is a Red Hot Chili Peppers single released in 1990, it appears on the soundtrack of the movie Pretty Woman. In 1992, it is also found on the compilation What Hits !?. Rock portal Rock portal Music portal Music portal • Song section
Iceland has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest since its thirty-first edition in 1986 and has never won it yet.
The United States Secretary of Transportation is the head of the United States Department of Transportation. He is a member of the Presidential Cabinet and the 14th in the line of presidential succession. Like all Secretaries of State, he is appointed by the President of the United States and confirmed by the United States Senate. Since July 2, 2013, the current Secretary of Transport is Anthony Foxx.
The County of Carleton is located in western New Brunswick. The county is separated in two by the Saint John River. There were 27,019 inhabitants in 2011 against 26,632 in 2006, an increase of 1.5%.
Melína Merkoúri, abroad Melina Mercouri, is a Greek actress, singer and politician.
Manfred Weber, born July 14, 1972 in Niederhatzkofen, is a German politician, member of the Christian Social Union in Bavaria and MEP since 2004.
Oberwil bei Büren is a municipality in the canton of Bern in Switzerland, located in the administrative district of Zealand.
Porrentruy is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Jura. It is the capital of the district of Porrentruy. It is the second largest municipality in the canton of Jura in terms of its population. Historically a city, however, it has the population of a village.
Saint-Félix-d'Otis is a municipality of Quebec,, part of the regional county municipality of Le Fjord-du-Saguenay, located in the administrative region of Saguenay – Lac-Saint-Jean. There are approximately 801 inhabitants. and it is located in the southern Bas-Saguenay sector, 21 km east of the City of Saguenay, La Baie district, in Quebec. It borders Lake Otis at the northwestern end of the territory. The territory of the municipality covers 235 km2. The name Otis comes from the abbot Lucien Otis.
Fenerbahçe Spor Kulübü is a Turkish sports club, founded in 1907 and based in Istanbul. The club has a large field of activity since it is present in several sections such as football, basketball, volleyball, table tennis, athletics, swimming, nautical sailing, boxing, rowing and esport. The club's symbol is the canary, hence the nickname "Kanaryalar" given to the sportsmen of the club, who also wear yellow and navy blue as colors. The club has been chaired since 2018 by Ali Koç. It takes its name from Phanariotes, literally the "Youth of the Fanar". Fenerbahçe is one of the biggest teams in Turkey
Saint-Fulgence is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of Fjord-du-Saguenay in Saguenay – Lac-Saint-Jean. Being one of the first villages located east of Saguenay along the north shore of the river of the same name, it is also known under the name of Saint-Fulgence de L'Anse-au-Foin.
The University of Tartu is the Estonian National University, which is headquartered in Tartu. Founded in 1632 when Tartu was in the Duchy of Livonia, under the domination of Sweden, by Gustav II Adolf of Sweden, it is the second oldest university in the Baltic States after the University of Vilnius, which dates from 1579.
The New South Wales rugby union team is the team that has represented the Australian state of New South Wales in rugby union competition since 1908. It is also known as the Blues, in reference to the color of their jersey. Today, that selection plays exclusively an annual three-game series, called State of Origin, against Queensland.
Barnet Football Club is an English football club founded in 1888. The club, based in Barnet in Greater London, has been playing in Conference National since the 2013-2014 season.
The Final Countdown is Europe's third album. It is also the last with guitarist John Norum who will leave the group during the tour, to be replaced by Kee Marcello. This album is their biggest commercial success. Sales total more than 3 million units in the United States and 20 million units worldwide, while the single of the same name will be number 1 in 26 countries.
William Henry Waddington, born December 11, 1826 in Saint-Rémy-sur-Avre, died January 13, 1894 in Paris, was a French statesman, diplomat and archaeologist. He was President of the Council from February 4 to December 28, 1879.
Bioley-Orjulaz is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Gros-de-Vaud and in the region of Gros-de-Vaud. Cited in 1516, it was part of the district of échallens between 1798 and 2007. The town was populated by 459 inhabitants in 2013.
Thierry d'Alsace, son of Duke Thierry II of Lorraine and Gertrude of Flanders, herself daughter of Count Robert I of Flanders known as Frisian and Gertrude of Saxe. He was Lord of Bitche and Count of Flanders from 1128 to 1168 Widower in 1133 of Marguerite de Clermont-Beauvaisis, who leaves him only one daughter, he remarries on his arrival in Palestine with Sibylle d'Anjou.
The East African Campaign is a series of WWII battles that took place from June 1940 to November 1941, primarily in Sudan, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia and Kenya, pitted against the Italian Empire Allied troops drawn mainly from the Commonwealth, in particular from India, South Africa, Rhodesia, Nigeria and Ghana; Reinforced by Ethiopian resistance fighters, soldiers from the Free French Forces and the Free Belgian Forces, it ended with the defeat of the Italian troops and their evacuation of the area.
Hera Björk, born March 29, 1972 in Reykjavik, is an Icelandic singer who in 2010 represented Iceland at the Eurovision Song Contest in Oslo, whose song is called Je ne sais quoi. She was chorister for the last 2 Icelandic songs of the competition. She also finished 2nd in the Danish selection in 2009 and finished 19th in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010.
Pé de Plátano is a district of the Brazilian city of Santa Maria, Rio Grande do Sul. The neighborhood is located in Sede district.
The National Assembly of the Republic of Serbia is the highest body exercising legislative power in Serbia. The Serbian parliamentary system has only one chamber.
What Makes You Beautiful is the first single from the Anglo-Irish Boy Band One Direction, which finished 3rd in Season 7 of the English X Factor. The song was written by Rami Yacoub, Carl Falk, and Savan Kotecha. What Makes You Beautiful is also part of One Direction's Up All Night album, the single was released on September 11, 2011, having premiered on BBC Radio 1.
Rostov-on-Don is a city in Russia. It is the capital of Rostov Oblast. Its population was 1,109,800 in 2014.
Hennepin County is a county in the state of Minnesota, United States. It had 1,116,200 inhabitants in 2000. Its headquarters is Minneapolis, named after the 17th century Belgian explorer Louis Hennepin.
Risto Heikki Ryti, was a Finnish politician. Prime Minister from 1939 to 1940, then fifth President of the Finnish Republic from 1940 to 1944, he led the Continuation War against the USSR and called on German troops. As a result, he had to resign from his post as President.
Vendlincourt is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Jura.
Innervisions is an album by Stevie Wonder. This is the third of five "classic" albums he made during the 1970s featuring Music of My Mind, Talking Book, Fulfillingness' First Finale, and Songs in the Key of Life. Among Stevie fans and critics alike Wonder, Innervisions is often considered one of his two masterpieces with Songs in the Key of Life.
Free to Decide is the second single from the Cranberries' album To the Faithful Departed, released in 1996.
Williams Grand Prix Engineering is a British Formula 1 team, based in Grove. Founded in 1977 by Frank Williams and Patrick Head, the team is currently owned by Frank Williams, Patrick Head and Toto Wolff. Frank Williams started racing cars in Formula 1 during the 1969 season. made its debut in the World Constructors' Championship, under its own name, in 1975 before being acquired at the end of 1976.
You Mean the World to Me is a song by singer Toni Braxton, released on April 22, 1994. The song is the 5th single from the album Toni Braxton. It is written by Babyface, Daryl Simmons and composed by LA Reid, Babyface, Daryl Simmons
Donald Charles Winter, born June 15, 1948 in Brooklyn, New York, United States, is an American businessman who served as Secretary of the Navy. A former senior executive at TRW, an aerospace and defense agency, he was appointed to this post of secretary by President George W.
Westminster is a district in central London, historic part of the City of Westminster.
Major-General Jioji Konousi Konrote, born December 26, 1947 in Rotuma, is a Fijian soldier, diplomat and statesman. Commander of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon and Deputy Secretary General of the United Nations from October 1997 to October 1999, he was President of the Republic from November 12, 2015 to November 12, 2021.
Plug in Baby is the 6th single from alternative rock band Muse, and the first single from their second album Origin of Symmetry. This is one of the band's most popular songs, due to its catchy electric guitar riff, which was ranked 13th in Top Guitar Magazine's Top 20 Best Riffs of All Time, among other places.
Joan I of Naples, known as Queen Jeanne, born around 1326 in Naples, died on July 27, 1382, in Muro Lucano, assassinated on the orders of her cousin Charles de Duras. Daughter of Charles, Duke of Calabria, and Marie de Valois, she becomes Queen of Naples, Countess of Provence and Princess of Achaia.
Robert Allan Shivers, born October 5, 1907 in Lufkin and died January 14, 1985 in Austin, is an American Democrat politician, governor of Texas from July 11, 1949 to January 15, 1957.
Emotions is a song by American singer Mariah Carey, released on August 13, 1991, which serves as the first single from her second album Emotions. The title is composed by Mariah Carey, David Cole and Robert Civiles.
Fernando Morán López is a Spanish diplomat, writer and politician from the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, born in Avilés on March 25, 1926.
Deux-Montagnes is a city located in the MRC of Deux-Montagnes, in the Laurentians, Quebec, Canada. It is located about 35 km north of the Montreal metropolis and is accessible via highway 640, route 344 or the Montreal-Deux-Montagnes commuter train line.
Tzannís Tzannetákis, born September 13, 1927 and died April 1, 2010, was briefly Prime Minister of Greece during the political crisis of 1989-1990. Born in the Laconia region. He served as an officer in the navy but resigned on April 22, 1967, when the military seized power. He was imprisoned from 1969 to 1971. In 1974, with the restoration of democracy, he became a member of the Nea Dimokratia of Konstantínos Karamanlís.
Count Inoue Kaoru GCMG is a Japanese statesman. He was part of the Meiji oligarchy which controlled the political life of Japan during the Meiji era.
Soyuz TM-14 is the first Soyuz mission launched after the dissolution of the Soviet Union. One of the crew of this mission, Klaus-Dietrich Flade, an aviator trained in FRG, is the second German to visit a space station, after Sigmund Jähn who had spent a few days on Salyut 6 on behalf of the German Democratic Republic in 1978. Flade returned to land soon after in the Soyuz TM-13, a vehicle launched the previous year.
Suchy is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois.
Galway is a city in the province of Connacht, County Galway, on the west coast of Ireland. Its name comes from the Corrib river which crosses the city. It is also nicknamed the "city of the tribes" in reference to the fourteen tribes who shared the city in Anglo-Norman times. The city's population stood at 71,983 in 2006.
Expedition 29 is the 29th permanent crew rotation of the International Space Station. This expedition officially begins on September 16, 2011.
The Texas Stars are an ice hockey team based in Cedar Park in the suburb of Austin, State of Texas in the United States. She plays in the American Hockey League.
Louis Charles Philippe Raphaël d'Orléans, born October 25, 1814 in Paris and died June 26, 1896 in Versailles, is a French prince, younger son of the French king Louis-Philippe I, sixteenth Duke of Nemours, division general of the royal army under the Restoration and member of the Chamber of Peers. He is a member of the Capetian house of Orleans.
Lovers on the Sun is a song by French electronic music disc jockey, David Guetta, with vocal participation by American singer-songwriter Sam Martin. It was unveiled on June 30, 2014 in digital format, in the form of an eponymous maxi and is, moreover, the first single from his sixth studio album, titled Listen.
Love Khabarovsk is a professional Russian ice hockey club in the city of Khabarovsk, eastern Siberia.
Vezia is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Ticino located in the district of Lugano.
Club Baloncesto Gran Canaria is a Spanish basketball club based in Las Palmas. The club belongs to La Liga ACB, the highest level in the Spanish league.
Zsolt Semjén, born August 8, 1962 in Budapest, is a Hungarian politician, Deputy Prime Minister and member of the Christian Democratic People's Party.
The Honorable Julian Fantino, PC in Italy is a Canadian politician, Conservative MP for the Ontario riding of Vaughan, and member of the Harper Council of Ministers. Previously, he served as Chief of the Toronto Police Service. Appointed Minister of Veterans Affairs by Prime Minister Stephen Harper, he was replaced by Erin O'Toole on January 5, 2015.
Hasbro is an American toy and game company that was established in 1923 by brothers Henry and Helal Hassenfeld in Providence, Rhode Island. Hasbro is the contraction of Hassenfeld Brothers.
Melody Thornton, born September 28, 1984, is an American singer of Mexican, African-American descent and best known for having belonged to The Pussycat Dolls. In the summer of 2010, Melody announced her departure from the group in order to be able to devote himself to his solo career.
Daniel Kablan Duncan, born June 30, 1943 in Ouellé, is an Ivorian politician, he was Prime Minister from 1993 to 1999 and since November 21, 2012. He was previously Minister of Finance in the government led by Alassane Ouattara, under the presidency of Félix Houphouët-Boigny. He was then Minister of Foreign Affairs in the Kouadio-Ahoussou government, then Prime Minister.
Safnern is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Bern, located in the administrative district of Biel.
Northampton is a town in Northamptonshire in the East Midlands, England located on the north bank of the River Nene. It has a population of around 194,458, its district is made up of around 200,100. The city is located 108 km north of London and 80 km south-east of Birmingham. Little remains of Northampton d 'before 1675, the town having been destroyed that year by fire.
Real Madrid Castilla Club de Fútbol is a Spanish football club that plays in Segunda Division B, the Spanish third division. It is also the reserve team of Real Madrid who play their home matches at the Alfredo di Stéfano Stadium.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology or MIT, in French Massachusetts Institute of Technology, is a research institute and an American university, specializing in the fields of science and technology.
Marion County is a county in the state of Indiana, United States. It had 903,393 residents in 2010, making it the most populous county in the state. Its seat is Indianapolis, the state capital of Indiana.
YouTube is a video hosting website where users can upload, watch and share videos. It was created in February 2005 by Steve Chen, Chad Hurley and Jawed Karim, three former PayPal employees and acquired by Google in October 2006 for the sum of $ 1.65 billion. The service is located in San Bruno, California. As of 2009, approximately 350 million visitors each month visit this video-sharing site.
Cluj-Napoca is a city in north-western Romania, situated in the valley of Some ş ul Mic, at 440 kilometer è very Bucharest. For a d e cree pr e RESIDENTIAL Nicolae Ceau ş escu, the city e t e renamed é e Cluj-Napoca in 1974.
Love & Honesty is BoA's third Japanese album. It is also released in "Perfect Edition" with an additional DVD containing clips, making of, interview. The album is certified triple platinum by the RIAJ. It reached 1st place in the Oricon ranking and remained ranked 36 weeks for a total of 653,630 copies sold.
Sanjay Gandhi is an Indian politician. Youngest son of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, he was tipped to succeed her but died prematurely in a plane crash.
Mary E. Peters, is an American politician. She was Secretary of Transportation in the government of President George W. Bush from October 17, 2006 to January 20, 2009.
St. Gallen is the seventh largest city in Switzerland and the capital of the canton of St. Gallen.
Kojin Jugyo is the 2nd misono single released on the Avex Trax label on May 10, 2006 in Japan. It reached 15th place in the Oricon classification, it remained classified for 4 weeks, for a total of 16,223 copies sold. It is released in CD and CD + DVD format. Kojin Jugyo was used as the musical theme for the Miracle Shape series on NTV; it's a cover of a Finger 5 song. Pinkies can be found on the never + land album. The theme of this single is Cinderella.
András Schiffer, born June 19, 1971 in Budapest, is a Hungarian politician, deputy, founding member of Another Politics is Possible. He is the great-grandson of árpád Szakasits.
Dive is Māya Sakamoto's 2nd album, released under the Victor Entertainment label on December 19, 1998 in Japan. A reissue was released on March 24, 2010.
Save Me is a song by British band Queen written by Brian May. Last song on the album The Game, it was released as a single in January 1980, six months before the release of the album from which it is extracted.
Kutaisi is a city in the western province of Imerethia, Georgia, and the country's legislative capital. It is located 221 km west of Tbilisi, the official capital. It had a population of 185,965 inhabitants in 2002, making it the second largest city in Georgia.
The Kingdom of Hawaii or Hawaiian Kingdom was a kingdom established on the Hawaiian archipelago in the 19th century.
Missoula is a city in Missoula County, Montana, United States. Missoula has a population of 57,053 inhabitants and a total area of ​​61.9 km2. Located in altitude 978 meters above sea level. His ZIP code is 406 and his phone code is 406.
Eoin Colfer is an Irish writer born May 14, 1965 in Wexford, Ireland.
The district of Braga is a district of Portugal. Its surface area is 2,704.23 km2, making it the 16th in the country in terms of surface area. Its population is 851,337. Its capital is the eponymous city of Braga.
François Rebsamen, born June 25, 1951 in Dijon, is a French politician, member of the Socialist Party and Minister of Labor, Employment, Vocational Training and Social Dialogue, close to François Hollande, of which he was the second in the Socialist Party from November 1997 to November 2008, he was mayor of Dijon, president of the Greater Dijon agglomeration community, senator for Côte-d'Or and president of the socialist group in the Senate.
Princess Marie of Palatinate-Wittelsbach or Wittelsbach was born in Heidelberg, Germany on July 24, 1561 and died in Eskilstuna, Sweden-Finland on July 29, 1589. First wife of King Charles IX.
Sonia Gandhi, born Antonia Maino, born December 9, 1946 in Lusiana, is an Indian politician of Italian origin. She is the chairwoman of the Congress Party of India. In 2004, she was ranked as the third most powerful woman in the world by Forbes magazine, and sixth in 2007, second in 2010, seventh in 2011, sixth in 2012 and ninth in 2013.
The second McConnell government, officially the government of the Second Scottish Parliament, was the Government of Scotland from May 20, 2003 to May 16, 2007, and was formed by Jack McConnell, re-elected Prime Minister on May 20, 2003, and succeeded the McConnell I government. It was made up of a coalition between the Scottish Labor Party and the Liberal Democrats, and was replaced by the Salmond government.
Cincinnati is a city in the southwestern state of Ohio, United States, on the right bank of the Ohio River. As of the 2020 census, it was the third largest city in Ohio with 309,317 residents. The metropolitan area that spans Ohio and the neighboring states of Indiana and Kentucky had a population of 2,130,151, the 27th largest in the United States and first in Ohio. The city is historically an important industrial and immigration center; the black community represents more than a third of the population there.
Gesves is a French-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Walloon region in the province of Namur. “The country where water makes stone sing. On January 1, 2014, the total population of the municipality was 7,048 inhabitants. The total area is 64.92 km2 which gives a population density of 106 inhabitants per km2.
The 2006 edition of Vengeance is a professional wrestling event televised and visible only in pay-per-view. The event, produced by World Wrestling Entertainment, took place on June 25, 2006 at the Charlotte Bobcats Arena in Charlotte, United States. This is the sixth edition of Vengeance.
Othman Jerandi or Othman Jarandi, born in Hammam Lif, is a Tunisian diplomat who occupies the post of Minister of Foreign Affairs in the Ali Larayedh government.
Saint-Gérard-Majella is a parish municipality in Quebec located in the MRC Pierre-De Saurel in Montérégie.It is named in honor of Gérard Majella, canonized in 1904, the year in which the parish project began. 2006 census counted 252 inhabitants.
East Timor is a small country in Southeast Asia, although it is often considered to belong to Australia. The former Portuguese colony was liberated from Indonesian occupation in 2002.
Saint-édouard-de-Fabre is a parish municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of Témiscamingue in Abitibi-Témiscamingue. It is named in honor of Bishop édouard-Charles Fabre.
Cuzco or Cusco is a city in southeastern Peru in the middle of the Andes mountain range. It is the capital of the Province of Cuzco and of the Region of Cuzco. Cuzco is a city of altitude of moderate size, with approximately 300,000 inhabitants.
João_do_Canto_e_Castro, better known as João do Canto e Castro or Canto e Castro was a Portuguese naval officer and fifth president of the Portuguese Republic from December 16, 1918 to October 5, 1919.
Sweden has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest since its third edition, in 1958, and has won it five times: in 1974, 1984, 1991, 1999 and 2012.
Chevilly is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
Skonto Riga is a Latvian football club based in Riga. The club hold the world record for the most consecutive victories in their national championship, with fourteen titles in a row.
Saint Paul is the capital of the state of Minnesota, United States. It is the second city by number of inhabitants after Minneapolis with 285,068 inhabitants, with which it forms the conurbation of Minneapolis-Saint Paul, which had 3,348,859 inhabitants in 2010.
Dacia is a Romanian automaker, a subsidiary of the French group Renault, and its name corresponds to the Romanian or Latin form of the name of the territory occupied by the traditional ancestors of the Romanians: Dacia.
I Want to Tell You is a Beatles song written and sung by George Harrison. It is one of the three tracks of the guitarist of the Fab Four, with Taxman and Love You To, appearing on their seventh album, Revolver, released on August 5, 1966.
The Kansas City Scouts are a North American ice hockey franchise. They played for two seasons in the National Hockey League, between 1974 to 1976 in the city of Kansas City in Missouri.
Lucens is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Broye-Vully.
Volume Two is the second studio album by the group She and Him, released in 2010.
The German National Socialist Workers' Party, often referred to simply as the Nazi Party, was a German political party commonly classified on the far right and attached to the political family of fascism. Its name is also translated as German National Socialist Workers' Party, German National Socialist Workers' Party or German National Socialist Workers' Party.
Hartlepool United Football Club is an English football club founded in 1908. The club, based in Hartlepool, has played for the 2013-2014 season in Football League Two.
The Chief of Naval Operations or CNO is a title assigned in the United States Navy to an Admiral, directly reporting to the Secretary of the Navy, responsible for the logistics and operational efficiency of naval forces. The Chief of Naval Operations has an administrative role rather than a direct commanding role in the theater of operations.
Roland Koch, born March 24, 1958 in Frankfurt am Main, is a German politician member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany. An activist from the age of 14, he was elected to the Landtag of Hesse in 1987 and progressed in the apparatus of the regional CDU, until taking the presidency in 1998. The following year, at the age of 41, he became Minister-President of Hesse following a very right-wing campaign and rule with the Liberals.
Old-time music is a form of North American folk music, with its roots in the folk music of many countries such as England, Scotland and Ireland, as well as the African continent. This musical genre developed with the many North American folk dances, such as the square dance. The genre also encompasses ballads and other types of folk songs.
Ferlens is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Lavaux-Oron.
Welcome to Paradise is a song by the American punk band Green Day that first appeared in 1992 on their second album, Kerplunk !, and was re-recorded for their third album, Dookie, released in 1994. The song was the second single from this song. album.
The Order of Discalced Carmelites or Order of Discalced Brothers and Discalced Nuns of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Mount Carmel, abbreviated as OCD, is a contemplative and apostolic Catholic religious order, belonging to the category of mendicant orders. The Discalced Carmelite Brothers share with the Discalced Carmelite Sisters, cloistered nuns, the same rhythm of prayer.
Charles II is a prince of the house of Mecklenburg born October 10, 1741 in Mirow and died November 6, 1816 in Neustrelitz. He reigned over the Duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz from 1794 until his death, with the title of Grand Duke from 1815.
The Francis-Le Blé stadium is a football stadium located in Brest. This enclosure, inaugurated in 1922 under the name of Stade de l'Armoricaine, currently has around 15,300 seats. Its resident club is Stade Brestois 29.
Saint-Léonard-de-Portneuf is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Portneuf in Quebec, located in the administrative region of the Capitale-Nationale. Saint-Léonard-de-Portneuf is located in a region of rivers and lakes in a few kilometers east of Saint-Raymond. There are many chalets there. Route 367 crosses the municipality from southeast to northwest.
DJ Shadow, real name Joshua Paul Davis, is part musician, producer, and DJ. He is also recognized as an emblematic figure of the abstract hip-hop movement. He is the first to have produced an album composed entirely of samples.
Hitchin 'a Ride is a song by American punk band Green Day and the first single from their fifth album, Nimrod, released in 1997. It is considered a minor hit for the group.
Philip S. Lee is the 24th Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba since August 4, 2009. He was a Member of the Order of Canada in 1999 and the Queen Golden Jubilee Medal in 2002. Manitoba Portal Manitoba Portal
Petar Škundri ć is a Serbian politician. He is a member of the Socialist Party of Serbia. July 7, 2008 to March 14, 2011, he e t e Minister of Mines and Energy in the first government of Mirko Cvetkovi ć .
Camorino is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Ticino, located in the district of Bellinzona.
Prince Gustavus of Sweden, Duke of Uppland, born June 18, 1827 at Haga Palace, Stockholm, Sweden, and died September 24, 1852 in Kristiania, Norway, is a prince of Sweden-Norway. He is the second son of King Oscar I of Sweden and Joséphine de Leuchtenberg.
The Rauma Line is a 114.2 km long Norwegian railway line that connects Dombås and Åndalsnes. The line is not electrified. It is the only line that crosses Møre og Romsdal County. Initially, there were 12 stations and stops along the line, today there are only five, of which three are served. The line crosses 103 bridges and 5 tunnels. In summer, a tourist train runs on the line, pulled by a steam engine.
Ostrava, in northern Moravia, is the third largest city in the Czech Republic with a population of 300,000. Located at the confluence of two rivers, at the outlet of the Moravian Gate, it was from Antiquity an important place of passage. Due to the wealth of its coal mines, it was in the 19th and 20th centuries one of the major steel basins in Central Europe.
Karma is the fourth and final single from the second album by American singer Alicia Keys. It is written by Alicia Keys with the collaboration of Kerry Krucial Brothers and Janeisha Smith. The song had somewhat limited success, unlike the other singles on the album, but received the 2005 MTV Video Music Awards for Best Music Video. It placed No. 20 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart. and 17th in the Hot R & B / Hip-Hop Songs chart.
San Bernardino County is a county in the state of California in the United States. In the 2000 census, it had 1,709,434 inhabitants. Its capital is San Bernardino. It is the largest county in the United States in terms of area: nine states are smaller than it. Located in the southeast of the state of California, the deserts and mountains of this vast county stretch from the outskirts of the Greater Los Angeles region to the Nevada border and to the Colorado River.
Placebo is Placebo's debut album, released in 1996 on Elevator Music, and the only one recorded with Robert Schultzberg as drummer.
János Martonyi is a Hungarian politician, Minister of Foreign Affairs to Viktor Orban from 1998 to 2002, then again in 2010. He was part of the Amato group responsible for preparing the drafting of the EU Reform Treaty in 2007.
Saint-Sulpice is a parish Municipality of Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of L'Assomption, in the administrative and tourist region of Lanaudière. The Seigneury of Saint-Sulpice was founded in 1640 and was ceded to the Sulpicians in 1663. Two islands are also part of this municipality, namely Île Bouchard and Île Ronde.
The State Duma is the lower house of the Parliament of Russia. For the Russian Federation, we speak more precisely of the State Duma, to differentiate it from the regional Duma or the Imperial Duma. The term douma comes from the Russian verb думать, which means to think.
Vechigen is a municipality in the canton of Berne in Switzerland, located in the administrative district of Berne-Mittelland.
Nathan Clifford, born August 18, 1803 and died July 25, 1881, is an American jurist who served as representative for the 1st Congressional District of Maine from 1839 to 1843 before becoming Attorney General of the United States between 1846 and 1848 in the administration Polk. President Buchanan appointed Clifford a judge to the Supreme Court of the United States in 1857, a post he held until his death in 1881.
Jean-Luc Moudenc, born July 19, 1960 in Toulouse, is a French politician. A member of the UMP, he has been mayor of Toulouse since 2014, after having been mayor for the first time from 2004 to 2008. He was also a member of the third constituency of Haute-Garonne from 2012 to 2014.
Sainte-Louise is a parish municipality in the Chaudière-Appalaches region of Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of L'Islet. It is named in honor of Louise Whilelmine Boisseau née Dionne, who was the lord of the Aulnaies in the 19th century. This is celebrated on January 31 of each year, at the same time as the volunteers, the arrival of new people and newborns from the previous year.
Suzuka is a city in Mie Prefecture, 50 km west of Nagoya, where the Japanese Automobile Grand Prix takes place. It had 196,851 inhabitants for 194.67 km2 in 2010.The city has been twinned with Le Mans since 1990, another important city in the world of motorsport.
Michael Glos, born December 14, 1944 in Brünnau, is a German politician who has been a member of the Christian Social Union in Bavaria since 1970.
Kelly Rowland is an Atlanta-born American singer, dancer, lyricist, actress, and television personality. She was revealed in the 1990s, as a member of the group Destiny's Child with whom she sold 60 million records.
The office of President of the Republic of Nicaragua was created by the Constitution of 1854. From 1825 until the Constitution of 1838, Nicaragua was part of the Federal Republic of Central America and was locally ruled by a Head of State.
Aleksandr Pavlovich Aleksandrov is a Soviet cosmonaut, born February 20, 1943.
The Only One is a song by British band The Cure released as a single on May 13, 2008 starring NY Trip. The Only One is featured on the 4:13 Dream album with a significantly different mix. NY Trip does not appear on the album. The band had played the song since October 2007 under the title Please Project. The single topped the charts in Spain, a first for the group.
San Yu is a Burmese name; the principles of first and last names do not apply; U and Daw are titles of respect. General San Yu, also known as Bo Gyoke Kyi San Yu or U San Yu, is a former Commander-in-Chief of the Tatmadaw, President of Burma from November 9, 1981 to July 27 1988.
Léon Brunschvicg is an idealist French philosopher of Platonic tendency, husband of the feminist and Under-Secretary of State for Education Cécile Brunschvicg, and not to be confused with the homonymous philosopher Jacques Brunschwig. He is also the co-founder of the Revue de métaphysique et de morale with Xavier Léon and élie Halévy in 1893.
SpVgg Greuther Fürth is a German Bundesliga football club based in Fürth.
Castles Made of Sand is a song written by Jimi Hendrix and recorded with his band, The Jimi Hendrix Experience. She was featured on the band's second album, Axis: Bold as Love, released in 1967, and is known for her complicated solo, which was recorded normally at first and then reversed to appear on the album. In this song, Jimi Hendrix also demonstrates his talents as an author by offering us a splendid text.
Bécancour is a regional county municipality in Canada in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Center-du-Quebec. It is made up of 12 municipalities. Its capital is Bécancour. Its prefect is Maurice Richard, who also holds the post of mayor of Bécancour.
Portia Simpson-Miller, born December 12, 1945 in Wood Hall, is a Jamaican politician. Prime Minister from March 30, 2006 to September 11, 2007 and again since January 5, 2012, she has also been the leader of the Jamaican National People's Party since 2006.
Geórgios Koundouriótis was a protagonist of the Greek War of Independence and a Greek politician. He was Prime Minister in 1848.
The colonization of Korea by Japan began in 1905 with the establishment of a protectorate. However, since 1894 the two countries were already bound by a treaty of military alliance.
Hudson County is a county in the State of New Jersey in the United States, largely formed by the Bergen Neck Peninsula. The county is part of the New York metropolitan area. Its population was 608,975 at the 2000 census. Its capital is Jersey City. Hudson County is the smallest of the state's 21 counties, but the most densely populated.
Seamus is the fifth song from the Pink Floyd Meddle album and also the name of the dog of Steve Marriott, an associate of Pink Floyd, whom David Gilmour sometimes had on guard at his home. Years later, the song appeared in Tom Stoppard's film Rosencrantz & Guildenstern Are Dead.
Luxembourgish is a Germanic language spoken mainly in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, as well as in some neighboring municipalities in Belgium, France and Germany. Luxembourgish is the national language of Luxembourg.
Aarhus, officially spelled Århus before January 1, 2011, is Denmark's second largest city in terms of population.
KC and the Sunshine Band is an American funk band from Miami, Florida.
Jacqueline Lee Bouvier married Kennedy, then Onassis, nicknamed "Jackie", born July 28, 1929 in Southampton and died May 19, 1994 in New York, is an American personality. In her capacity as wife of the 35th President of the United States, John Fitzgerald Kennedy, she was the First Lady of the United States from January 20, 1961 to November 22, 1963.
Arthur Dion Hanna, was the Governor General of the Bahamas between February 1, 2006 and April 14, 2010, when he was replaced by Sir Arthur Foulkes.
Fugèreville is a municipality in Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Témiscamingue in the Abitibi-Témiscamingue administrative region.
The wilaya of El Bayadh,, is an Algerian wilaya located in the west of the country.
Bärschwil, formerly called in French Bermeveiller, is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Solothurn, located in the district of Thierstein. Until 1527 it was part of the Bishopric of Basel. The red episcopal stick of his coat of arms reminds us of this.
Saignelégier is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Jura and the capital of the Franches-Montagnes district.
Jón Magnússon, born January 16, 1859 in Aealdalur and died June 23, 1926 in Neskaupstaeur, was an Icelandic politician and Prime Minister on two occasions. He is the first head of government of the Kingdom of Iceland Iceland Portal Iceland Portal Politics Portal Politics Portal
Hammersmith is a very active part of Greater London, located in the district of Hammersmith and Fulham, on the north bank of the Thames, about 8 km west of Charing Cross. Formerly a poor area, forming an industrial district, Hammersmith was inhabited by artisans, laborers and personnel employed by the bourgeois class.
Yuri Ivanovich Malentchenko, born December 22, 1961 in Svitlovodsk, Ukrainian SSR, is a Russian cosmonaut.
The Bitter End is a song by the rock band Placebo. This is the fifth track from the Sleeping with Ghosts album. It was produced as a single. The text speaks of the separation of a couple, of an ultimately mutual consent; which may be surprising on the part of Placebo. Love once consumed, all that remains is to end it and say goodbye by evoking past happiness.
Laurent Hénart, born October 15, 1968 in Laxou, is a French politician, member of the UDI. He was Secretary of State for the Professional Integration of Young People from 2004 to 2005. Former Member of Parliament for Meurthe-et-Moselle, he has been Mayor of Nancy and President of the Radical Party since 2014.
Le Souvenir de ce jour is a song by Jenifer from her second studio album, Le Passage. The track was released as the album's second single on September 28, 2004. It has 24 weeks remaining in the top 100 and is numbered 69th in singles sales for 2004. It has sold 160,000 copies. .
The Sagarmatha zone - in Nepali: सगरमाथा अञ्चल - is one of the 14 zones of Nepal. It is attached to the East Development Region. It is subdivided into 6 districts: Khotang district; Okhaldhunga district; Saptari district; Siraha district; Solukhumbu district; Udayapur district Nepal portal Nepal portal 
The TF1 SA group is a French audiovisual group which was built around the hertzian commercial television channel TF1, created on January 6, 1975 and privatized in 1987.
Willisau is a town and municipality in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland, located in the electoral district of Willisau.
Make a secret is BoA's 17th single released under the Avex Trax label on August 31, 2005 in Japan. It reached 5th place in the Oricon ranking and remains classified 8 weeks for a total of 54,453 copies sold. The songs Make a secret and Long Time No See can be found on the album Outgrow.
My Wife is a song written by bassist for British rock band The Who, John Entwistle. She appeared on the Who's Next album, released in 1971, and was recorded at Olympic Studio in May 1971.
Inside Your Heaven is the first single from American country music singer Carrie Underwood. The song was later incorporated into singer's debut album Some Hearts. This song written by Andreas Carlsson, Pelle Nylén, Savan Kotecha has two versions: the one sung by Carrie Underwwood and the other American Idol finalist Bo Bice.
Lesja Station is a train station on the Rauma line. The station is located in the municipality of Lesja, it was commissioned in 1921, three years before the line was finished.
La Louvière is a French-speaking city in Belgium located in the Walloon Region in the province of Hainaut. The city of La Louvière was established by separation from the municipality of Saint-Vaast. The official separation was signed and decided by the law of February 27, 1869.
Fleur Pellerin, born Kim Jong-suk on August 29, 1973 in Seoul, South Korea, is a senior French civil servant and politician.
The 2014-2015 Champions League is the 60th edition of the European Champion Clubs' Cup. 77 European clubs are participating.
The district of Swabia is one of the seven constituencies of Bavaria and is located in the southwest of the Land of Bavaria, which is the largest of the sixteen Länder in Germany. The district is bordered, to the north of the district of Middle Franconia, to the east of the district of Upper Bavaria, to the south of the western end of Austria and to the west of the Land of Baden-Württemberg. It is also called "Bavarian Swabia".
The town of Oak Ridge is a town straddling Anderson and Roane counties, 41 kilometers west of Knoxville and 30 kilometers southwest of the small town of Clinton, Tennessee, Southern state of the United States. The part of the city located in Anderson County is included in the Knoxville metropolitan area, while the part of Roane County located in is included in the Harriman micropolitan area; these two areas are components of the Knoxville-Sevierville-La Follette urban area.
Marie-des-Neiges de Braganza - in Portuguese: Maria das Neves de Bragança and in Spanish: María de las Nieves de Braganza, pretending to the title of Infanta of Portugal then who carried from 1931, by her marriage, the title of courtesy of Duchess of San Jaime, was born August 5, 1852 in Kleinheubach, in the Kingdom of Bavaria and died February 15, 1941 in Vienna. She is a daughter of the ex-king Michael I of Portugal, of the house of Braganza, and the wife of Alphonse-Charles of Bourbon, pretender to the thrones of France and Spain.
The Duke Blue Devils are a college sports club at Duke University in Durham. All 26 Blue Devils teams compete in college competitions organized by the National Collegiate Athletic Association.
Cottens is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
Adam Noah Levine, born March 18, 1979 in Los Angeles, is an American singer and guitarist. He is the frontman of the pop-rock band Maroon 5.
Colors is Hikaru Utada's twelfth single, released in 2003. A homonymous video was also released shortly after.
The Prime Minister of Kosovo is the Head of Government and the main holder of executive power of the Republic of Kosovo.
Burin is a minor constellation in the southern hemisphere, wedged between Eridanus and Dove, and is only visible from southern Europe and there only in late autumn and winter, near the horizon.
Mary, in Greek Μαρια, Maria, in Aramaic Maryam ܡܪܝܡ, in Hebrew Myriam מרים, in Arabic Maryeme مريم , Jewish daughter of Judea, is the mother of Jesus of Nazareth.
Krasnoyarsk is a city in Siberia, Russia, and the administrative center of Krasnoyarsk Krai. Located in the south of western Siberia, it is an important stopover on the Trans-Siberian route. Krasnoyarsk is the third largest city in Siberia with 1,016,385 inhabitants in 2013.
Peoria is a population of the United States in the state of Illinois. According to the census of it had a population of 112,936 inhabitants.
Meiji University, or meidai for short, is a private university in Japan. Meiji University is located in the northern part of the Kandasurugadai district in Tokyo, and is part of the Tokyo 6 baseball tournaments between the major universities in Tokyo.
Let There Be Rock is a song by Australian hard rock band AC / DC, released in 1977 on the album of the same name, and was also released as a single the same year as a single with Problem Child opposite B. Portal rock portal Rock portal Music portal Music portal • Song section
Mont-Royal is a city in the agglomeration of Montreal, enclosed within the city of Montreal. The city has a population of 19,503 inhabitants. It is protected by the Montreal Fire Department and the Montreal Police Department. It also has its own public security service which ensures the protection of residents and compliance with municipal bylaws.
Villars-le-Terroir is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Gros-de-Vaud. With a chapel from 1150, it was part of the district of échallens from 1803 to 2007. The town was populated by 889 inhabitants in 2013.
José Lucio Travassos Valdez, 1st Count of Bonfim, was a Portuguese soldier and statesman.
Broken is an EP from the group Nine Inch Nails. This strange musical ensemble is difficult to access today but will nevertheless experience some success in underground circles at the time of its publication.
Campo is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Ticino, located in the district of Vallemaggia.
Saint-Godefroi, sometimes called Saint-Godefroy is a township municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of Bonaventure in Gaspésie – Îles-de-la-Madeleine.
Adrian Severin is a Romanian politician, Member of the European Parliament and Vice-President of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament. A former member of the National Safeguard Front and the Democratic Party, he was Minister of Foreign Affairs between December 12, 1996 and December 29, 1997, in the government of Victor Ciorbea.
Wigan is a city located in Greater Manchester in England. It is located near the River Douglas, 13 miles south of Preston, 16 miles northwest of Manchester and 17 miles northeast of Liverpool. Wigan is the largest city in the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan. It is also its administrative center. The city of Wigan had a population of 81,203 as of 2001.
The province of Zaragoza is one of the three provinces of the autonomous community of Aragon, in northeastern Spain. Its capital is the city of Zaragoza.
Peter I of Portugal, known as Peter the Justice, born April 8, 1320 in Coimbra, died January 18, 1367 in Estremoz, is the eighth king of Portugal, from 1357 to 1367.
Isabella of Aragon, born in Dueñas on October 2, 1470 to Isabella I of Castile and Ferdinand II of Aragon, who died in Zaragoza on August 28, 1498.
Midge Ure, born James Ure, October 10, 1953 in Cambuslang, Lanarkshire, Scotland is a British musician, singer-songwriter. His stage name, Midge, is a phonetic anacyclic of the diminutive of his first name, “Jim.” He found success in the 1970s and 1980s in several groups and then solo, exploring various musical styles.
Louis X of France, known as "the Hutin", born October 4, 1289 in Paris, died June 5, 1316 in Vincennes, was King of Navarre from 1305 to 1316 and King of France from 1314 to 1316, twelfth of the so-called dynasty of Direct Capétiens. Son of the king of France Philippe IV the Fair and of the queen of Navarre Jeanne Ire, Louis X left no descendants to the throne of France.
Mieszko I Jambes Mêlées was Duke of Krakow from 1210 to 1211, Duke of Silesia from 1163 to 1178 and Duke of Raciborz from 1178 to 1211. Second son of Ladislas II the Banished and Agnes of Babenberg, younger brother of Boleslaus I the Long , he is from the Piast dynasty.
Force Works is a team of superheroes belonging to the Marvel Comics universe. She first appeared in her own series, Force Works # 1, from July 1994 to April 1996 in 22 issues by Dan Abnett, Andy Lanning and Tom Tenney.The group originated from the West Coast Avengers, after leaving of the leader Iron Man. The team did not have the multinational and government policies of the Avengers then, working more on natural or man-made disasters.
Ninin Sankyaku is the 10th misono single released under the Avex Trax label on June 25, 2008 in Japan. It reached 10th place in the Oricon ranking, it remains classified for 10 weeks, for a total of 28,000 copies sold. It is the 2nd best-selling single from misono to date.
Stefano Palmieri, born September 18, 1964, has been Captain-Regent of San Marino in collaboration with Francesco Mussoni since October 1, 2009 and until April 1, 2010. Member of the Popular Alliance, Palmieri has been a member of the Grand General Council since 2006. He was one of the founders of Movimento Biancoazzurro which merged with Alleanza Popolare in 2005. Palmieri is a chartered accountant, married and father of two sons.
Desbiens is a city located in the regional county municipality of Lac-Saint-Jean-Est, in the administrative region of Saguenay – Lac-Saint-Jean, Quebec, Canada. The 2011 census counted 1,053 inhabitants, 2 , 0% less than in 2006.
Ohio is a state in the Midwestern United States. It is bordered by Pennsylvania to the east, Michigan and Lake Erie to the north, Indiana to the west, Kentucky to the south, and West Virginia to the southeast.
Dilemma is the second single from Nellyville, rapper Nelly's second album.
Victoria is the provincial capital of British Columbia in Canada, as well as a city. The capital sits at the southern tip of Vancouver Island and was founded by the Hudson's Bay Company. The city is named after Queen Victoria, and like Fort Victoria, the city became the center of the fur trade in parts of western Canada.
Richard Appel is an American screenwriter and producer born May 21, 1963 in New York City, New York, United States. He grew up in Wilmette, Illinois and has been married to Mona Simpson since 1993. He is best known for his work on The Simpsons, Kings of Texas, The Griffins, The Cleveland Show and American Dad !. He studied at Harvard University where he wrote for the Harvard Lampoon.
Harvey Parnell, born February 28, 1880 in Cleveland County and died January 16, 1936 in Little Rock, is an American Democratic politician. He was Governor of Arkansas from 1928 to 1933.
The violin is a bowed string musical instrument. Made up of 71 pieces of wood glued or assembled together, it has four strings tuned to the fifth, which the instrumentalist, called violinist, rubs with a bow or plucks with the index finger or thumb.
Soyhières is a Swiss municipality in the district of Delémont, in the canton of Jura.
Asociación Deportivo Cali is a Colombian football club based in Cali, founded on November 23, 1912 as Cali Football Club.
The University of Neuchatel is a public university located in Neuchatel in Switzerland. More than 1,000 bachelors, masters, doctorates and diplomas are awarded there each year. The university has more than 750 workstations, including 110 professors.
The 1962 World's Fair, officially known in English as the Century 21 Exposition or Seattle World's Fair, was held from April 21 to October 21, 1962 in Seattle, Washington,. Almost 10 million people visited it.
The Nile Song is a song by Pink Floyd, featured on the album More. This is the second track on the album. This is one of Pink Floyd's rare hard rock flirtations with the songs Young Lust on The Wall and Not Now John on The Final Cut The song was written by Roger Waters and is a rare pieces of Pink Floyd where neither piano nor synthesizer appears.
Vladimir Nicolae Voronin, born May 25, 1941 in Corjova, district of Dub ă sari, is a Moldovan politician, pr é President of R é Moldova public between April 7, 2001 and September 11, 2009. It is part of the minority of Ukrainian origin. He was also general secretary of the Party of Communists of the Republic of Moldova.
Montreal-North is a borough of the city of Montreal. It covers an area of ​​11.07 km2 and has a population of 83,868 inhabitants.
Yuri Mikhailovich Aronovich, born May 13, 1932 in Leningrad and died October 31, 2002 in Cologne, is an Israeli conductor of Russian origin. Aronovich studied music and the violin from the age of four. At the Leningrad Conservatory, he is a pupil of Natan Rakhline and Kurt Sanderling.
Wichita is the largest city in the state of Kansas, in Sedgwick County, United States. It is home to six major aircraft manufacturers and the US Air Force base at McConnell, hence its nickname: Air Capital. At the 2010 census, its population was 382,368.
Punjab, Punjab or Panjab, is a state in northwestern India that is part of the Punjab region. The Punjab is bordered on the east by Himachal Pradesh, on the south by Haryana, the Territory of Chandigarh, on the southwest by Rajasthan and on the west by the Pakistani province of Punjab.
Memphis is the largest city in the state of Tennessee, United States and the county seat of Shelby County. It has a population of 680,768 and a total area of ​​763.4 km.
Benigno Simeon "Noynoy" Cojuangco Aquino III is the 15th and current President of the Republic of the Philippines. Son of former President Corazon Aquino and former Senator Benigno Aquino, he is a member of the Liberal Party. A graduate of Ateneo de Manila University, he was injured by rebel soldiers in a failed coup attempt during his mother's presidency.
Arroio do Só is one of the ten districts into which the Brazilian city of Santa Maria is divided, in the state of Rio Grande do Sul.
Asmara, or Asmera, is the capital and largest city of Eritrea. The population of Asmara is approximately 564,000 inhabitants in 2004 and its urban area has 1,147,000 inhabitants in 2007. It is located on a plateau 2300 meters above sea level and is the second highest capital in Africa and 5th in the world.
The Troggs are a British rock band formed in the 1960s. They hail from Andover, Hampshire.
Qatar Listen, in long form the State of Qatar, is a small emirate in the Middle East with an area of ​​11,586 km2.
The Polish Second Division Football Championship, commonly referred to as the I liga since 2008, is the second division of professional football in Poland. It was premiered on May 30, 1948, and won for the very first time by Górnik Radlin. The 2012-2013 edition of the I liga sees eighteen clubs compete, and ended in June 2013. At the end of this season, Zawisza Bydgoszcz and Cracovia are the two clubs promoted to the first division .
Saint-Aimé-du-Lac-des-Îles is a municipality that is part of the regional county municipality of Antoine-Labelle in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Laurentides. The 2006 census counts 774 inhabitants.
The Parliament of Navarre is the legislative body of the Foral Community of Navarre.The Parliament was created by the Amejoramiento of 1982, which after the democratization of the existing institutions proceeds to update the foral regime in accordance with the Constitution of 1978 .Since its creation and during the Franco era, the Provincial Delegation of Navarre has continued to exist as defined in the law of modification of the Fors of 1841, composed of seven deputies, chosen by merindad.
Peter II of Russia, born October 12, 1715 and died January 19, 1730, was Emperor of Russia from 1727 to 1730.
No Quarter is a song by Led Zeppelin, which appeared on the Houses of the Holy album, released in 1973.
Sheep is a song by Pink Floyd, which was released on the Animals album on January 21, 1977 in the UK and February 12 in the US.
The Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, together with the Lieutenant Governor, forms the Parliament of the Canadian Province of British Columbia. The Legislative Assembly sits in Victoria, in the Parliament Buildings of British Columbia. It is made up of 85 members elected by first-past-the-post majority vote for a four-year term. The 40th Parliament was elected on May 14, 2013, with the British Columbia Liberal Party holding the majority of seats.
Olympia is a city in the United States, the capital of the State of Washington and the seat of the County of Thurston. Its population was 46,478 in the 2010 census, estimated at 51,609 in 2017, making it the 24th largest city in the state.
Raja Muhammad Zafar-ul-Haq, born November 18, 1935 in Rawalpindi district, is a Pakistani politician.
Freddie Mercury is a British songwriter, singer and musician who established his international reputation as the lead singer of the rock band Queen.With great vocal breadth and a good command of a few opera techniques he remains, among the greatest singers of the twentieth century, one of the most popular and technically accomplished.
Champagne Supernova is a song by British band Oasis, latest track and single from their second album Morning Glory ?, and included in the Stop the Clocks compilation. A true international anthem of more than 7 minutes, this song has been acclaimed by the critics and is one of the best known of the group, it quickly reached the first place of the American charts, alongside the famous Wonderwall.
Seretse Khama Ian Khama, born February 27, 1953 in Chertsey, United Kingdom, is a Botswanan politician, President of the Republic of Botswana since April 1, 2008.
Cresciano is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Ticino, located in the Riviera district.The village is known for its climbing site located just above the municipality.
Island Records is a music publishing company founded in 1959 by Chris Blackwell. She is part of the group Island Def Jam Music, itself owned by the American Universal Music.
Albuquerque is the largest city in New Mexico, United States, 523 km southwest of Denver. It is the seat and the main city of the county of Bernalillo. According to the 2010 federal census, Albuquerque has a population of 545,852, making it by far the most populous city in the state.
Sullens is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Gros-de-Vaud. Cited in 1180, it was part of the district of Cossonay from 1803 to 2007. The town was populated by 894 inhabitants in 2013.
Villeneuve-sur-Lot is a town in southwestern France, located in the Lot-et-Garonne department in the Aquitaine region. Founded in 1253 by Alphonse de Poitiers, on the borders of Périgord and Guyenne, to serve as a fulcrum for the fortified towns in Haut-Agenais, Villeneuve-sur-Lot was one of the largest and most powerful bastides in the region. South-West. Its inhabitants are called the Villeneuvois.
Saints and Sinners was the 5th studio album by British band Whitesnake released in 1982. Guitarist Micky Moody left the band in December 1981, and band frontman David Coverdale called all the band members and put Whitesnake on hold.
Don't Tread on Me is the sixth track from the Metallica album released in 1991 by the heavy metal band Metallica.
Maximilian Joseph, Duke of Bavaria was the head of the younger branch of the house of Bavaria.
Donald Ervin Knuth is a renowned American computer scientist and mathematician and professor emeritus of computer science at Stanford University.
Venetian is a set of regional dialects belonging to the group of Romance languages ​​of the Indo-European language family.
Friends Will Be Friends is a Queen's ballad written by Freddie Mercury and John Deacon, and featured on the 1986 album A Kind of Magic.
Urbana is a college town in the state of Illinois, United States, as well as the seat of Champaign County. With its Champaign twin, they frame the most important campus of the University of Illinois: the Urbana-Champaign campus.Urbana is located about two and a half hours drive south of Chicago, about the same distance from Indianapolis. , Indiana, and about a 3 hour drive from St. Louis, Missouri.
The post of Prime Minister of Burkina Faso designates the head of government of that country. He is appointed by the President of the Republic with the approval of the Assembly. The constitution places most of the executive power in the hands of the president. The post was created in 1971 when the country was still called Upper Volta.
Ugo Mifsud Pasquale, son of Judge Gio Batta Mifsud and Philomena Marianna Muscat, was the third and fifth Prime Minister of Malta. He would hold this post from 1924 to 1927 and from 1932 to 1933. He was a member of the Nationalist Party and part of the Italian community of Malta.During World War II, Sir Ugo Mifsud and Dr Giorgio Borg Olivier were the only remaining members. nationalist parliament.
Curiosity is the debut extended play by Canadian songwriter Carly Rae Jepsen. The EP was released on February 14, 2012 under the 604 Records label. Initially planned for a future studio album, at the last minute the label decided to release the songs already worked on in EP. However some songs are not included in the EP including a collaboration with Canadian singer Justin Bieber.
The 2014-2015 Ligue 1 season is the 51st edition of the Algerian football championship and the 5th in the professional era.
I Hate This Part is the third single by Pussycat Dolls in the United States, the second in the world, taken from their second album, Doll Domination. Music portal Music portal • Song section
Club Joventut de Badalona or DKV Joventut but nicknamed by everyone La Penya is a Spanish basketball club based in Badalona, ​​Catalonia, currently playing in Liga ACB, the highest level of the Spanish championship.
Norrbotten is a historic province in northern Sweden.
Hafez al-Assad or Hafiz al-Asad is a Syrian politician. After his accession to power following a coup in 1970, he was President of the Republic until his death in 2000. His son, Bashar, succeeded him.His strongly authoritarian regime, structured around the single party of the Baath, has established control over all of Syrian political life.
Pully is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Lavaux-Oron.
Motor Racing Developments Ltd., better known as the Brabham Racing Organization or Brabham, is a British Formula 1 team. Founded in 1960 by Australians Jack Brabham, driver, and Ron Tauranac, engineer, the team won four drivers 'world championship titles and two constructors' world championship titles during its thirty years of presence in Formula 1.
Remember a Day is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd written and sung by keyboardist Richard Wright. She appears on the album A Saucerful of Secrets released in 1968.
Venus is a song by American artist Lady Gaga, from her fourth studio album, Artpop; listed as a second track. It was written by Gaga, Paul "DJ White Shadow" Blair, Hugo Leclercq, Dino Zisis, Nick Monson as well as Sun Ra and was produced by Gaga herself.
François Joseph de Gratet, Vicomte du Bouchage, born in Grenoble on April 1, 1749, died April 12, 1821, was a French artillery general and politician, Minister of the Navy in 1792 and in 1815, Minister of Foreign Affairs in 1792 .
Froideville is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Gros-de-Vaud. Cited in 1284, it was part of the district of échallens between 1798 and 2007. The town was populated by 2,107 inhabitants in 2013.
Bruce Howard Kulick is an American guitarist and member of the group Grand Funk Railroad. Kulick was previously a member of the group Kiss, for over ten years, from 1985 to 1996.
Sainte-Cécile-de-Milton is a municipality in the regional county municipality of La Haute-Yamaska ​​in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Montérégie. It is named in honor of Cécile de Rome.
Marco Rubio, born May 28, 1971 in Miami, is a Republican politician. He was president of the Florida House of Representatives between 2006 and 2008. Rubio was elected Senator from Florida in the November 2010 election.
Villy Søvndal, born April 4, 1952 in Linde, is a Danish politician, member of the Socialist People's Party, which he chaired, and currently Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Nikolai Ivanovich Saltykov, born October 31, 1736, died May 28, 1816. Russian marshal and courtier. President of the War College from 1791 to 1802, he succeeded in this post Prince Grigory Potemkin, President of the Council of Ministers from 1812 to 1816, Commander-in-Chief of the Semionovsky Regiment from 1784 to 1787.
Tammisalo is a neighborhood in the Herttoniemi district of Helsinki, Finland.
Grimbergen is a Dutch-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Flemish Region in the province of Flemish Brabant.Grimbergen is best known for its abbey that Saint Norbert de Xanten had built in 1128 and its high fermentation beer, once brewed by the monks of the abbey. .
Méhémet-Ali, often written Méhémet Ali, born March 4, 1769 in Kavala in Eastern Macedonia and died August 2, 1849 in Alexandria in Egypt, was a viceroy of Egypt of Albanian origin. He is generally considered to be the founder of modern Egypt.
This article is a draft for an American television series.
This list is the heads of the German Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development. Covers the historical period from the founding of the ministry to the present.
Speedcore is a musical genre derived from hardcore techno, characterized by a very fast and frenetic BPM and a usually aggressive theme. This genre marks a certain return to industrial music: noise, nonconformism, experiments, sometimes with the desire to make only noise and shock listeners or sometimes, on the contrary, in its extremely worked psychedelic form, to bring listeners in. in a trance.
Follow Me Down is a song by American duo 3OH! 3, in collaboration with English singer Neon Hitch, from the soundtrack of the movie Alice in Wonderland, Almost Alice. It was written by 3OH! 3 members Nathaniel Motte and Sean Foreman as well as Neon Hitch and was produced by Matthew Beckley and Motte.
Simon Baker is an Australian actor born July 30, 1969 in Launceston. He became known with his role of Thomas "Tom" Summers in Hartley, hearts live then for his role of Nick Fallin in The Protector and currently with that of Patrick Jane, the main character of the Mentalist television series.
Until It's Gone is the second single from the sixth studio album The Hunting Party by American nu-metal band Linkin Park. It was unveiled on May 5, 2014 on Virgin Radio in France.
This table lists the Presidents of the Republic and Chadian Heads of State since independence from France on August 11, 1960.
Matapedia is a Canadian municipality of approximately 660 inhabitants, part of the regional county municipality of Avignon in Gaspésie – Îles-de-la-Madeleine in eastern Quebec. The Catholic parish of Matapedia is called Saint-Laurent-de-Matapédia and, sometimes, this name is also used for the municipality.
Istanbul or Istanbul is the largest city and metropolis of Turkey and the prefecture of the homonymous province, of which it occupies about 50% of the area but more than 98% of the population. It has been on the UNESCO World Heritage List since 1985. Istanbul is the main financial, commercial and industrial center of Turkey but also the cultural capital of the country.
The Colombian D2 Football Championship is the second level of the Colombian Championship organized by Dimayor.
Essen is a city located in the central part of the Ruhr basin in the Land of North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany. Its population was around 569,884 inhabitants in 2013, making it one of the largest cities in Germany.
Frasco is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Ticino, located in the district of Locarno.
Saint-Alexandre-de-Kamouraska is a Canadian municipality located in eastern Quebec in the regional county municipality of Kamouraska in Bas-Saint-Laurent.
Hue is the former imperial capital of Vietnam. It is located in the center of the country, just south of the famous 17th parallel, not far from the sea. The river Sông H OU ng the cross and s e pare the old town north of the cit ed modern to sud.Hu ed is today the capital of the province of Th ừ a Thiên and lives mainly from fishing and tourism. Its population is approximately 340,000 inhabitants.
Zenyatta Mondatta is the 3rd album of the group The Police released on October 3, 1980.
Sadcore is a subgenre, occasionally used by music critics to describe alternative rock songs, characterized by poignant lyrics, deep melodies, and a slower tempo. The term is an example of using the -core suffix. It is not clearly defined and does not describe any specific movement or scene. It is characterized by AllMusic as “music for the depressed for the depressed. Sadcore is synonymous with the term slowcore, and the two are often used as musical categories by self-proclaimed groups.
Lucien Ginsburg, known as Serge Gainsbourg is a French singer-songwriter, pianist, painter, screenwriter, director, writer, actor and filmmaker. Son of Russian Jewish immigrants, he wants to be a painter. But he rose to fame as a singer-songwriter, tackling many musical styles. He will also try his hand at cinema and literature.
Latin is an Italic language of the Indo-European language family, originally spoken in Lazio and ancient Rome. Although it is often considered a dead language, its knowledge, and even its use, has continued in the university and among the clergy. Many schools and universities continue to teach it. Latin is still used for the production of new words in many language families.
Lützelflüh is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Bern, located in the administrative district of Emmental. The town has 2 landlocked territories.
The Poznań powiat is a powiat belonging to the Wielkopolskie Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
Mariero station, is a railway stop on the Jær line located in the municipality of Stavanger
The Zionist Union is a center-left Israeli political coalition created in the 2015 Israeli legislative elections.
You Know You're Right is a single from American grunge band Nirvana released on October 8, 2002 to promote the Nirvana compilation.
A Moment Like This is the first single from American singer Kelly Clarkson, Thankful, released on September 17, 2002. The single was sold along with Before Your Love in the United States, both songs written on the American Idol show.
Togo Dennis West, Jr. is an American politician. Member of the Democratic Party. He was the United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs from 1998 to 2000 in Bill Clinton's government.
Bohemians Prague is a Czech football club based in Vršovice, a district of Prague. Considered to be the most popular club in Prague, it is frequently referred to as “Bohemka”.
Saint-Ludger is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC du Granit in Estrie, and is crossed by Route 204.
The Central African Republic, commonly called the or the Central African Republic or RCA, in Sango Ködörösêse tî Bêafrîka, is a developing central African state, whose population is estimated at 4,500,000 inhabitants in 2020, for an area of ​​approximately 623,000 km2. It is surrounded by Cameroon to the west, Chad to the northwest, Sudan to the northeast, South Sudan to the east, the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the southeast, and the Republic of Congo to the south -Where is. The country is a member of the African Union, the Central African Economic and Monetary Community, the Community of Sahel-Saharan States and the Organization of Islamic Cooperation.
Thoutmôsis IV or Djéhoutymès IV, son of Amenhotep II and queen Tiaa, is the eighth pharaoh of the XVIIIth dynasty.
Westmount is a city of Quebec in the agglomeration of Montreal in which it is landlocked. Westmount in 2007 had a population of 20,865 inhabitants and an area of ​​4.02 km2. Westmount's main commercial arteries are Greene Avenue, Victoria Avenue, Sherbrooke Street and Sainte-Catherine Street.
The war in Bosnia and Herzegovina is a war between the Serbian, Croatian and Bosnian peoples which took place on the territory of Bosnia and Herzegovina and which mainly involved Yugoslavia, Serbia, Croatia and the various entities of present-day Bosnia-Herzegovina. Herzegovina It began on April 6, 1992 when the Yugoslav People's Army attacked Bosnia-Herzegovina, which had just declared its independence on March 1.
Hubert Loutsch, born in Mondercange on November 18, 1878 and died in Brussels on October 24, 1946, was a Luxembourg politician and lawyer.
Louisville is an American city, located in the state of Kentucky.
Henri Jules de Bourbon, Prince of Condé, First Prince of the Blood, Duke of Bellegarde, Duke of Chateauroux, Duke of Montmorency, Duke of Enghien and Duke of Guise, Peer of France, Marquis de Graville, Count of Sancerre, Count of Charolais and Lord of Chantilly, was born in Paris on July 29, 1643 and died in Paris on April 1, 1709 Son of Grand Condé and Claire-Clémence de Maillé-Brézé, niece of Cardinal Richelieu, he was baptized at Saint Church -Sulpice of Paris on July 29, 1643.
Louis étienne Félicité Lysius Salomon, known as Lysius Salomon Jeune, was President of the Republic of Haiti from October 26, 1879 to August 10, 1888.
Matthias Platzeck, born December 29, 1953 in Potsdam, is a German politician and member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. An environmental activist in the late 1980s, he was minister without portfolio in the ephemeral East German government of the Communist Hans Modrow in 1990, and that same year he became Deputy and Minister of the Environment for the reconstituted Land of Brandenburg. He left the environmentalists in 1993 and joined the SPD two years later.
Nasty is the second single from American singer Janet Jackson's Control album. It was written by James Harris, Terry Lewis and Janet Jackson. This single was released on April 15, 1986, was the subject of a music video, and ranked number one in the Hot R & B / Hip-Hop charts. Janet sang this song on all of her tours.
EC VSV is an ice hockey club from Villach, Austria. He plays in the Austrian Ice Hockey Championship.
The city of Auburn is the seat of Cayuga County, New York, United States. It had 28,574 inhabitants at the 2000 census.
The new region of Tangier-Tétouan-Al Hoceïma is one of the twelve regions of Morocco established by the territorial division of 2015.
The Ministry of Transport is a Danish ministry responsible for the coordination and implementation of the country's means of transport. It has been managed by Magnus Heunicke since February 3, 2014.
Her Worship the Honorable Jocelyne Roy-Vienneau was appointed 31st Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick, Canada on August 8, 2014, from Robertville NB.
The village of Venise-en-Québec is a municipality in Quebec located in the Montérégie. This municipality, on the shores of Lake Champlain, was founded on December 17, 1949, by detachment from the municipality of Clarenceville. It is the only one, around Lake Champlain, to have a predominantly French-speaking population.
The Midnight Sons are a team of superheroes from the Marvel Comics universe. They first appeared as a group in Ghost Rider vol.3 # 28, in 1992.
Lorraine is a city in Quebec which is located in the Lower Laurentians in the MRC of Thérèse-De Blainville 25 km north of Montreal.
Odense is a municipality in the southern Denmark region resulting from the municipal reform of 2007. The city of Odense is its seat.
The Consulate has been France's republican regime since the coup d'état of 18 Brumaire until the proclamation of the First Empire on May 18, 1804.
Floyd Mayweather, Jr. is an American boxer born February 24, 1977 in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Leirsund Station is a train station on the Hovedbanen line. In 1998 the railway line was reorganized to make way for the Gardermobanen line. Leirsund station was then replaced by a railway stop a little further north, 26.66 km from Oslo.
Paolo Gentiloni Silveri is an Italian politician, member of the Democratic Party. He was appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation in the Renzi government on October 31, 2014.
Everlasting is BoA's 19th single released on the Avex Trax label on January 18, 2006 in Japan. It reached 4th place in the Oricon ranking and remains ranked nine weeks for a total of 74,744 copies sold. The songs Everlasting and Soundscape can be found on the Outgrow album. People Say ... is used as the musical theme for the animated film Our Neighbors, the Men.
Zouk is a musical genre from the French West Indies created in the early 1980s. This music was popularized in Europe by the Kassav group with its hits Zouk la sé sèl médikaman nou ni or even 'Siyé Bwa.
The Trial is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd and appears on the 1979 album The Wall, in this song, which borrows as much from a sort of wacky opera as it does to the massive and self-conscious use of it. 'a symphony orchestra, Pink stages his own trial, after realizing this madness which led him into a fascist and oppressive discourse.
Louise Marie Adélaïde de Bourbon, known as “Mademoiselle d'Ivry”, then “Mademoiselle de Penthièvre”, Duchess of Chartres then Duchess of Orleans was born in Paris at the Hôtel de Toulouse on March 13, 1753 and died at the Chateau d'Ivry -on-Seine on June 23, 1821 Daughter of Louis Jean Marie de Bourbon, Duke of Penthièvre, and of the Duchess née Marie Thérèse Félicité d'Este, the death in 1768 of her older brother, Louis-Alexandre, Prince of Lamballe, made it the richest party in the kingdom, heir to the fortune of her grandfather, the count of Toulouse, legitimized bastard of Louis XIV.
The University of Arkansas is an American university, located in Fayetteville, Arkansas, founded in 1871. Its Latin motto is Veritate Duce Progedi. In 2010, it had 24,595 students. In sport, the Arkansas Razorbacks defend the colors of the establishment in the Southeastern Conference, in NCAA The Razorbacks include Jamaican sprinter Veronica Campbell-Brown.
Finland has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest since its sixth edition in 1961 and won it once in 2006.
Marie-Béatrice-Victoire-Joséphine de Savoie, also called Marie-Béatrice de Sardaigne, is an aristocrat of the House of Savoy, born in Turin on December 6, 1792, and died at the castle of Catajo, in Battaglia Terme on September 15, 1840.
Havok, real name Alexander Summers, is a superhero from the Marvel Comics universe. Created by Roy Thomas and Neal Adams, the fictional character appears for the first time in the comic book Uncanny X-Men # 54 of March 1969. He is a member of the X-Men and appears more particularly in series dedicated to this team.
Dieppe is a French commune located in the Seine-Maritime department in the Haute-Normandie region, in the north-west of France.
Polonia Warsaw is a Polish football club based in Warsaw, just like its big rival, Legia Warsaw.
Leona Aglukkaq, born June 28, 1967 in Inuvik, Northwest Territories, is a Canadian politician. She is the first Inuit woman appointed to a Canadian federal cabinet, elected to the Canadian House of Commons in 2008, and since served as Minister of Health in the Stephen Harper government from October 30, 2008 to July 14, 2013.
Maricopa County is a county in the state of Arizona in the United States. Its seat is Phoenix. It is in this county, the most populous in Arizona, that the demographic center of the state, the city of Gilbert, is located.
Romuald Figuier, better known by the only first name of Romuald, is a French singer and composer, born May 9, 1938 in Saint-Pol-de-Léon.
Kocheril Raman Narayanan, born October 27, 1920 and died November 9, 2005, was the first Dalit to become President of the Republic of India, from July 25, 1997 to July 25, 2002.
Tupou VI, his birth name ' Aho ' UHIE ' Unuaki ' Otonga Tuku ' aho, is king of Tonga since March 2012. He is the fourth child Taufa ' ahau Tupou IV and fr è re Siaosi Tupou V, brutally d e c e d ed in 2012.
The Grand Duchy of Baden is a sovereign state from 1806 to 1871, member of the Confederation of the Rhine until 1813, of the Germanic Confederation from 1815 to 1866 and from 1871, of the German Empire. During the Napoleonic wars, the Bade margraviate was elevated to the rank of electorate, then to that of grand duchy, and these changes in status were accompanied by significant territorial expansion. The Grand Duchy was initially an absolute monarchy and then a constitutional monarchy from 1818, before the emergence of the Republic of Baden in 1918 following the November Revolution.
The diocese of Lausanne, Geneva and Friborg is a Swiss Catholic diocese, founded at the end of the 6th century, directly dependent on the Holy See. Its headquarters are in Friborg. Its bishop is Mgr Charles Morerod, appointed by the Vatican on November 3, 2011.
Rendeux is a French-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Walloon region in the province of Luxembourg, as well as a locality where its administration is located. The village occupies a privileged site conducive to green tourism. It has the Robert Lenoir arboretum on its territory, which has a very large number of rare tree species.
Getting Away with Murder is the first single from California band Papa Roach's fourth album, Getting Away with Murder.
The Genève-Servette Hockey Club is a professional ice hockey club in the city of Geneva in Switzerland. He plays in the National League A and is trained by Chris McSorley, assisted by Louis Matte.
Kandersteg is a municipality as well as a small Swiss ski resort located in the canton of Bern, in the administrative district of Frutigen-Bas-Simmental.
With eleven national titles, the KACM is the 5th most successful club in the Kingdom. The team participated in the Arab Cup of Champions Clubs twice in a row but failed to pass the second round.
Dimítris P. Droútsas, born August 5, 1968 in Nicosia, is a Greek politician member of the Pan-Hellenic Socialist Movement and former Minister of Foreign Affairs of Greece from 2010 to 2011.
Samak Sundaravej, born June 13, 1935 in Bangkok and died November 24, 2009, is a Thai politician. He succeeded Surayud Chulanont as Prime Minister on January 29, 2008 and remained so until September 9. He had been Minister of the Interior from 1976 to 1977, then Minister of Transport from 1983 to 1986 and from 1990 to 1991. From 2000 to 2004, he was Governor of Bangkok.
Richard Alan Searfoss is an American astronaut born June 5, 1956.
Prince Leopold of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen, born September 22, 1835 in Krauchenwies, near Sigmaringen, and died June 8, 1905 in Berlin, eldest son of Charles-Antoine de Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen and Joséphine de Bade is a member of the family princely of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen.
Wohlenschwil is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Baden.
Saint John's is the capital of Antigua and Barbuda. It is the country's commercial center and the main port of the island of Antigua. Saint John's has remained the administrative center of Antigua and Barbuda since the country's colonization in 1632 and became the seat of government when it Ci gained its independence in 1981. Saint John's has an airport.
Expedition 19 is the 19th expedition to the International Space Station.
Bargen is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Bern, located in the administrative district of Seeland.
Samuel Dale Brownback, born September 12, 1956, in Garnett is an American politician, member of the Republican Party, Kansas senator to the United States Congress from November 7, 1996 to January 3, 2011, and governor of Kansas since January 10, 2011. He was also, among other official functions, member of the House of Representatives and candidate for the Republican candidacy for the presidential election of 2008 before his abandonment announced on October 19, 2007 for lack of sufficient funding. Brownback is known to be against the games so-called violent video.
TNA Final Resolution 2009 is a pay-per-view televised wrestling event produced by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. It took place on December 20, 2009 at TNA Impact! Area in Orlando Florida. This was the sixth TNA Final Resolution.
Dallas County is a county located in the northeastern state of Texas in the United States. The county seat is Dallas. According to the 2000 census, its population is 2,218,899. It is named after George M. Dallas, Vice President of the United States. The county is 2,353 km2, of which 2,278 km2 is land. Texas Portal Texas Portal Dallas-Fort Worth Portal Dallas-Fort Worth Portal
Farhat Rajhi, born December 29, 1952 in Tunis, is a Tunisian jurist, Minister of the Interior from January 27 to March 28, 2011.
Dioncounda Traoré, born February 23, 1942 in Kati, is a Malian politician. President of the National Assembly of Mali from 2007, he is, in this capacity, interim President of the Republic from April 12, 2012 to September 4, 2013.
Smarck Michel, born Georges Jean-Jacques Smarck Michel on March 29, 1937 in Saint-Marc and died on September 1, 2012 in Port-au-Prince, is a former Haitian Prime Minister and trader, member of the "Tèt Ansanm pou Lavalas" committee. Under the government of René Préval, he held the post of Minister of Trade and Industry from February 19 to June 14, 1991. He was appointed Prime Minister by President Jean-Bertrand Aristide and ratified by Parliament on November 6, 1994.
The Church of Greece is a canonical autocephalous jurisdiction of the Orthodox Church.
Poles Apart is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. This is the third track from The Division Bell album, in 1994. The lyrics can be interpreted as David Gilmour speaking to Syd Barrett in the first verse and Roger Waters in the second.
Lullaby is the thirty-second single from the band Nickelback and the fourth from the Here and Now album released in 2011.
Tacoma is an American city, seat of Pierce County in the State of Washington, in the southern suburbs of Seattle.
The North Province is one of the three provinces that make up New Caledonia. It corresponds to the northwestern part of Grande Terre and the Belep Islands.
Mazda Motor Corporation is a Japanese automobile manufacturer, particularly known for its original models, and for being the only manufacturer in the world to mass produce a vehicle powered by an engine using rotors in the combustion chamber instead of conventional pistons, which will be developed in the 1960s, then offered on its 1967 Cosmo sports coupe.
Saint-Valentin is a municipality in Quebec located in the Haut-Richelieu MRC in Montérégie.
Like a Rolling Stone is a song by Bob Dylan, appearing on the Highway 61 Revisited album. Its length, style and arrangements made it one of Dylan's most famous and influential songs. Rolling Stone magazine named it the greatest song of all time, claiming that "no other song has ever challenged and transformed the business codes and artistic conventions of its time so profoundly."
Sorvilier is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Bern, located in the administrative district of the Bernese Jura.
Casimir Perier, born October 11, 1777 in Grenoble and died May 16, 1832 in Paris, is a French banker and politician, regent of the Banque de France, president of the Council from March 13, 1831 to his death, due to the cholera epidemic of 1832. A member of the liberal opposition to Charles X, he was, after the Revolution of 1830, the incarnation of the "Resistance party" at the start of the July monarchy.
Grandcour is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Broye-Vully. Cited in 1212, it was part of the district of Payerne between 1803 and 2007. The town was populated by 817 inhabitants in 2013.
Gustáv Husák is a leading Slovak politician in the Czechoslovak Communist Party, Czechoslovak statesman at the time of "Normalization" following the Prague Spring and President of the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic from 1975 to 1989.
Saint-Edmond-de-Grantham is a parish municipality in the regional county municipality of Drummond in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Center-du-Quebec.
Jean-Baptiste-Donatien de Vimeur, count of Rochambeau, born July 1, 1725 in Vendôme and died May 10, 1807 in Thoré-la-Rochette, is a general of the French Revolution. He distinguished himself at the head of the French expeditionary force during the United States War of Independence. He ended his military career with the dignity of Marshal of France.
FC Den Bosch is a Dutch football club based in 's-Hertogenbosch.
SummerSlam 2005 is the eighteenth SummerSlam, wrestling pay-per-view produced by World Wrestling Entertainment. It took place on August 21, 2005 at the MCI Center in Washington.
Ascot Corner is a municipality of Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of Haut-Saint-François in Estrie.
Lucy is Māya Sakamoto's 3rd album, released under the Victor Entertainment label on March 28, 2001 in Japan. A reissue was released on March 24, 2010.
Bootylicious is an R'n'B song by the American band Destiny's Child.
Redundant is a song by American punk band Green Day and the third single from their fifth album, Nimrod, released in 1997. The song was released as a single in 1998.
Arras is a French commune, historical, administrative and university capital of the Pas-de-Calais department in the heart of the most extensive agro-food economic zone north of Paris. Chief town of Pas-de-Calais, Arras est, with its 42,000 inhabitants, the third most populous city in the department after Calais and Boulogne-sur-Mer.
Kenneth A. Minihan, born December 31, 1943, is an American Lieutenant General of the United States Air Force who served as Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency from 1995 to 1996 before becoming Director of the NSA from February 1996 to March 1999.
Meri Kuri is BoA's 15th single released under the Avex Trax label on December 1, 2004 in Japan. It reached 5th place in the Oricon ranking and remains ranked 12 weeks for a total of 136,725 copies sold. The song Meri Kuri is on the Best of Soul compilation.
Margaret of Denmark was the daughter of King Christian I of Denmark and his wife Dorothée of Brandenburg-Külmbach, and on July 10, 1469, King James III of Scotland was married in Holyrood Abbey near Edinburgh and gave birth with three sons: Jacques IV of Scotland Jacques Jean The amount of the dowry had fixed at 60,000 florins including the Orkneys pledged up to 50,000 florins.
I Am The Club Rocker is the second studio album by Romanian artist Inna. The album is produced by longtime Inna's production team: Play & Win, which features a new retro sound. The album was known as Powerless, but Inna denied the rumor under her tweeter account.
The Right to Go Insane is a song by Megadeth and second single from the Endgame album. The Right to Go Insane is also the song that closes the album. The song was nominated at the 53rd Grammy Awards in the category "Best Metal Performance".
Sébastien is a holy Roman martyr who lived, according to tradition, in the 3rd century. He is celebrated on January 20 in the West and December 18 in the East. Born in Narbonne, Gaul, Saint Sebastian is a citizen of Milan, Italy. A career soldier, he was taken by the affection of the emperors Diocletian and Maximian Hercules, who called him a centurion.
John Clayton Mayer, born October 16, 1977 in Bridgeport, Connecticut, is an American singer, guitarist and producer. Cradled from an early age by the blues and music of his idol Stevie Ray Vaughan, John Mayer began to grow to know in 1999, following his first successes No Such Thing and Your Body Is a Wonderland. In 2003, he won the Grammy Award in the male category for best pop performance.
Metro Manila is the Metro Manila region, the capital of the Philippines. It is also known as the National Capital Region. Administratively, it is not part of any province, but is one of the 17 regions of the Philippines. It is made up of 17 cities, with a population of 11,553,427.
Lac-Granet is an unorganized territory of the province of Quebec, in the regional county municipality of La Vallée-de-l'Or in the Abitibi-Témiscamingue administrative region.
The city of San Salvador is the capital of the Republic of El Salvador and the capital of the department of San Salvador. It is the main city of the country and the second most populous city in Central America after Guatemala City. The city was thus baptized in the name of Jesus Christ under the title of "Divino Salvador del Mundo".
Vennesla Station is a railway station located at Vennesla, Norway on the Sørlandet Line. The station is served by express trains operated by the Norwegian State Railways to Oslo and Kristiansand.
Billboard magazine is an American weekly magazine devoted to the recording industry. It maintains several internationally recognized rankings which reflect the success of the most popular musical titles and albums each week. Its most famous chart is the Billboard Hot 100 which ranks the top 100 titles regardless of their musical genre. It is frequently cited as a reference in the United States.
Saint-Clet is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Vaudreuil-Soulanges in Quebec, located in the Vallée-du-Haut-Saint-Laurent in Montérégie ,. Saint-Clet is a small prosperous village in the center of the MRC de Vaudreuil Soulanges.
Solingen is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia. It is located on the northern edge of the region called Berg, south of the Ruhr area. It has 163,600 inhabitants in 2001.Solingen is called the "city of blades" because it has been its specialty since the Middle Ages and even today 90% of German knives are forged there from vanadium steel. Solingen was mentioned for the first time in 965. It was a small village for centuries, fortified in the 15th century.
October Rust is the fourth album by gothic metal band Type O Negative released in 1996.
Ibrahim Rugova, born December 2, 1944 in Cerrcë, Kosovo and died January 21, 2006 in Prishtina, is an internationally renowned writer and Kosovar politician. A graduate of the Sorbonne, member of the Democratic League of Kosovo party, he was president of Kosovo from March 4, 2002 to January 21, 2006.
After Magia and Peligro, Pies descalzos is Shakira's third album. But she considers it the first because she was 18 when it was released in 1995, and had full powers over the artistic aspect. This album also has several versions in the song list: the order is different. Often the last two titles are reversed. There is also a mix between the songs Te Espero Sentada, Vuelve and Pies descalzos.
Catherine de Hohenlohe-Waldenbourg-Schillingsfürst, born January 19, 1817 in Stuttgart and died February 15, 1893 in Freiburg im Breisgau is a member of the princely family of Hohenlohe, who became through her second marriage to Prince Charles of Hohenzollern princess consort of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen.
Saint-Thomas-Didyme is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of Maria-Chapdelaine in Saguenay – Lac-Saint-Jean.
Brannon Braga is an American film and television screenwriter and producer.
This Is How We Do is a song from American singer Katy Perry's third album, Prism, and the music video for this song was released on July 31, 2014
Zénaïde Lætitia Julie Bonaparte, French princess and imperial highness, Infanta of Spain, was the daughter of Joseph Bonaparte and Julie Clary. She had a sister, Charlotte, and in 1822 she married Prince Charles Lucien Bonaparte, her first cousin.
The England rugby union team is made up of a selection of the best English players under the aegis of the Rugby Football League.
Demons is a song by the group Imagine Dragons released on January 28, 2013, fourth single from the album Night Visions.
The Territoire de Belfort or Territoire-de-Belfort is a French department created in 1922 in the arrondissement of Belfort, the only part of Alsace and Haut-Rhin that remained in France after the defeat of 1871. It did not return to the region. Haut-Rhin after 1919 and by a decree of 1960, was definitively attached to the Franche-Comté region, a decision confirmed in 1982 with the laws on decentralization. INSEE and the Post office assigned the code 90 to it.
TNA Bound for Glory 2009 is a wrestling pay-per-view hosted by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. This is the fifth event for Bound for Glory. It took place on October 18, 2009 at the Bren Events Center in Irvine, California. It's TNA's biggest pay-per-view.
Chavannes-le-Chêne is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois.
Normandin is a city of Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of Maria-Chapdelaine, in the administrative region of Saguenay – Lac-Saint-Jean. Despite a strong demographic decline, the municipality still plays a role of service center for 5 localities with agricultural and forestry vocations which surround it. There is indeed a high school, a CLSC and a CHSLD.
Lussery-Villars is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Gros-de-Vaud. This is the result of the merger of Lussery and Villars-Lussery in 1999. The town was populated by 387 inhabitants in 2013.
Konstantin "Kocha" Popovic, but better known as Koca Popovic, was a Yugoslav communist politician. He took part in the Spanish Civil War and the Yugoslav guerrilla warfare. He was also active as a writer and intellectual.
Keiō University or Keiō Gijuku University is a private Japanese university located in Tokyo. It was founded in 1858 by Yukichi Fukuzawa as a private school for Western studies and opened its first university faculty in 1890. It is said to be named after the Keiō era, which preceded the Meiji era, from 1865 to 1868. Each year, Keiō University presents the Keiō Medical Science Prize to Tokyo, endowed with 20,000,000 yen.
Louis Auguste Victor de Ghaisne, Count of Bourmont, Marshal of France, born September 2, 1773 and died October 27, 1846 in Freigné in Maine-et-Loire, is a French soldier.
Hey Mama is a song by American band The Black Eyed Peas from their third studio album Elephunk. The track was released as the album's third single on January 12, 2004. The song was written by William Adams, Anthony Henry and produced by will.i.am.
The administrative district of Neufchateau is one of the five administrative districts of the Belgian province of Luxembourg, located in the Walloon region. It has an area of ​​1,354.57 km2 and has a population of approximately 60,000. The arrondissement is part of the judicial district of Luxembourg.
Steven David "Steve" Daines, born August 20, 1962 in Los Angeles, is an American politician and member of the Republican Party. He has been a senator from Montana since 2015.
Jesús Caldera Sánchez-Capitán is a Spanish politician and member of the Socialist Party.
Kabul is the capital and the largest city of Afghanistan. It is also the capital of the province of Kabul, located in the east of the country. According to official 2014 estimates, the city's population is 3,543,700.
Colossus, whose real name is Piotr "Peter" Nikolaievich Rasputin, is a superhero belonging to the universe of Marvel Comics. Created by screenwriter Len Wein and cartoonist Dave Cockrum, the fictional character first appears in the May 1975 comic book Giant-Size X-Men # 1. Colossus is a character in the X-Men series.
The Best Damn Thing is a song by Avril Lavigne from his eponymous album.
The XXIst constitutional government is the government of the Portuguese Republic between November 26, 2015 and October 26, 2019, under the 13th legislature of the Assembly of the Republic.
The Hartford Whalers are a former National Hockey League franchise. She was previously known as the New England Whalers in the World Hockey Association from 1972 to 1979, and in 1997 moved to Raleigh, North Carolina, where she changed her name to the Carolina Hurricanes.
Count Pierre Harmel, born in Uccle on March 16, 1911 and died in Brussels on November 15, 2009, is a Belgian politician with a social-Christian tendency.
Christopher Scott "Chris" Murphy is an American politician, member of the Democratic Party. He represented Connecticut's fifth district in the United States House of Representatives from 2007 to 2013, when he took office in the United States Senate. He was elected in 2012 against Republican Linda McMahon.
The University of Houston is an American university located in the city of Houston, Texas, United States. It was founded in 1927, and has more than 36,000 students in undergraduate and postgraduate cycles with a campus of 2.3 km2. In sports, his colors are defended by the Houston Cougars.
Vollèges is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Valais, located in the Entremont district.
Does This Look Infected? is the third studio album by Canadian band Sum 41. It was released on November 26, 2002.
The district of Freiburg im Breisgau, sometimes called administrative region or constituency, is one of the four German districts of the Land of Baden-Württemberg. Its capital is Freiburg im Breisgau.
Jeff Hanneman, born January 31, 1964 in Oakland and died May 2, 2013 in Inland Empire, is an American musician and songwriter. He was, along with Kerry King, one of the two founding members of Slayer, a leading American group in the thrash metal movement since its formation in the early 1980s. He specifically played on ESP guitars. He was known for his fascination with history and war.
The Adirondack Thunder is a professional North American ice hockey franchise that operates in ECHL.
Stade Toulouse is a French sports club based in Toulouse whose main section is rugby union. The club has been chaired by Jean-René Bouscatel since 1992. The first team, coached by Guy Novès since 1989, play in the Top 14 and compete in the European Cup. The Toulouse stadium is playing at the Ernest-Wallon stadium.
Honolulu is the capital and largest city of the state of Hawaii, United States. It is also the seat of Honolulu County, on the southeast coast of the island of Oahu.
The Mexican Football Cup, also called Copa México, is a Mexican professional football tournament. It was created in 1907 when the participants were still amateur players and has been played in the form of two semi-annual tournaments called Clausura and Apertura since 2013 and after a 16-year eruption. It is a competition that has gone through several phases, first an amateur from 1907 to 1943, it has known several names, Copa Tower, Copa Eliminatoria and its current name.
Eldorado was Electric Light Orchestra's fourth studio album, released in 1974, and ELO's first album to feature a true classical orchestra.
Lily Rose Beatrice Cooper, better known as Lily Allen, is a British singer and occasional actress.
My Love is a song by Paul McCartney and the Wings released in 1973 on the Red Rose Speedway album. It was also released as a single in March, and is one of the few songs on the album to later make it into McCartney's live repertoire. Wings to gain some prestige after a more difficult start.
Nicole Prescovia Elikolani Valiente Scherzinger, born June 29, 1978, is an American singer known as the former singer of the Pussycat Dolls. She is also a dancer, lyricist and occasionally an actress.
Freundel Stuart, is a Barbadian politician, member of the Democratic Labor Party. Following the 2008 parliamentary elections, he became Deputy Prime Minister in David Thompson's government.
Play Hard is a song by French DJ David Guetta performed by American singers Ne-Yo and Akon. The song from the reissue album Nothing but the Beat 2.0 was released on March 15, 2013. Play Hard is written by David Guetta, Aliaune Thiam, Shaffer Smith, Giorgio Tuinfort and Frédéric Riesterer. The melody takes up a good part of Better Off Alone by Alice Deejay, 1998 hit.
Herttoniemenranta is a section of the Herttoniemi district of Helsinki, the capital of Finland.
Michel Roger, born March 9, 1949 in Poitiers, has been Minister of State for the Principality of Monaco since March 29, 2010.
Shediac or Shediac is a city in the county of Westmorland located in the South-East of New Brunswick in Canada. The town is located near the Plage-Parlee Provincial Park, a very popular attraction.
Patrick Depailler is a French racing driver born August 9, 1944 in Clermont-Ferrand, died August 1, 1980 during a private test session on the Hockenheim circuit at the wheel of an Alfa Romeo. He took part in 95 Formula 1 Grand Prix and won two. He is buried in the cemetery of the municipality of Crevant-Laveine.
The Distinguished Service Order, a British military award, was created by Queen Victoria on November 9, 1886 in recognition of individual meritorious or distinguished service in wartime, and is a military order consisting of only one rank, that of journeyman, to which only senior officers are eligible, generally from the rank of lieutenant-colonel; below, for all ranks below that of commander, the Military Cross is granted, and the DSO is awarded only for exceptional bravery, just below that which would justify the Victoria Cross.
Tug of War is Paul McCartney's fourth solo album, released on April 26, 1982. It was recorded in the West Indies and Great Britain, between February 1981 and January 1982, following the assassination of John Lennon, who had plunged the musician in deep disarray.
Gabriele Gatti, born March 27, 1953 in San Marino, is a politician from San Marino, member of the Christian Democratic Party. He was captain-regent of San Marino from October 1, 2011 to April 1, 2012 with Matteo Fiorini.
The Jackson Five is an American soul group from Gary, Indiana near Chicago, and made up of five siblings: Jackie, Toriano dit Tito, Jermaine, Marlon, and Michael. In 1976, the siblings left Motown for CBS and the youngest, Randy, joined the group from his brother Jermaine, who preferred to stay with Motown.
Talk That Talk is the sixth studio album by Barbadian artist Rihanna, released November 21, 2011, on the Def Jam label. The first single from the album, We Found Love featuring Calvin Harris, was first unveiled on Capital FM on September 22, 2011 and was released on US iTunes the same day. It ranks first in the UK with 163,000 copies sold.
The Denver Nuggets are an NBA basketball franchise.
Algeria Football Team A 'represents Algeria in football competitions involving local players such as the African Nations Championship.
Richard of England known as Richard of Cornwall, son of Jean sans Terre, King of England and Isabelle of Angoulême. In 1240, he joined the crusade in the Holy Land. He stayed there a few months and re-embarked in Saint Jean d'Acre on May 3, 1241 for England.In May 1242, he followed his brother King Henry III of England during his campaign in France to regain the heritage. Plantagenet.
Here is a list of heads of state in Afghanistan.
FC Sankt Pauli is a German sports club founded on May 15, 1910 and based in Hamburg. His football team is playing in 2. Bundesliga for the 2013-2014 season. The club also has a rugby union section, in which the men's and women's teams participate in the 1.
Greenville is a city in the state of South Carolina in the United States. It is the seat and the largest city in Greenville County. With its historic homes and modern skyscrapers, Greenville is described as an example of the meeting of the “Old South” and the “New South.” Greenville's “Combined Statistical Area”, designated by the United States Census Bureau. United States, in 2005 is estimated to have a population of 1,185,534.
Slough is a town in the county of Berkshire in the south of England Population: 119,070 in 2001 Area: 32.54 km2 County: Berkshire
Charles-Hugues de Bourbon-Parme, born April 8, 1930 in Paris and died August 18, 2010 in Barcelona, ​​is a prince of the Ducal House of Parma, pretender to the throne of the Duchy of Parma from 1977 to 2010. He is also a pretender ephemeral carlist to the throne of Spain from 1975, the year of his father's abdication, until 1978, the year of the proclamation of the new Constitution.
Pontypridd is a town in the south of Wales of 29,781 inhabitants in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf. The name Pontypridd comes from the Welsh "Pont-y-ty-pridd", meaning "the bridge by la maison de terre ”, a reference to a succession of wooden bridges that once spanned the Taf at this point. The town is located at the junction of the Taf and Rhondda valleys.
Shigeru Miyamoto, born November 16, 1952, is a Japanese video game designer. He is the creator of the Super Mario, Donkey Kong, The Legend of Zelda, Star Fox, F-Zero and Pikmin franchises on behalf of Nintendo.
Pointe-à-Pitre is a French commune, located in the department of Guadeloupe.
Stephen Hadley was the 21st United States National Security Advisor, in office to President George W. Bush, during his second term from January 2005 to January 2009. From January 22, 2001 to January 26, 2005, he served as an adviser -deputy for national security and assistant to the president.
Ahmed Balafrej is a major player in the struggle for the independence of Morocco, of which he becomes, once independence has been acquired, the founder of modern Moroccan diplomacy. Ahmed Balafrej is the architect of the unity of the Moroccan Nationalist Movement, mainly of the Istiqlal party, which led to the independence of Morocco on March 3, 1956 and of which he was secretary general from 1943 to 1960.
Sainte-Marcelline-de-Kildare is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Matawinie in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Lanaudière. It is crossed from north to south by road 343. It is named in honor of Marcelline of Milan, sister of Bishop Ambrose, and the Irish town of Kildare. Sainte-Marcelline-de-Kildare is home to a weather station .
The Portugal Under-19 Football Team is made up of a selection of the best Portuguese Under-19 players under the aegis of the Portuguese Football Federation.
André II árpád, son of Béla III of Hungary and Agnes of Antioch. King of Hungary from 1205 to 1235, he led the Fifth Crusade in 1217. He proclaimed himself King of Galicia-Volhynia.
Høn Station is a Norwegian railway station on the Drammen line located in the municipality of Asker and intended exclusively for local traffic. It is 22.17 km from Oslo.
Ranst is a Dutch-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Flemish Region in the province of Antwerp. Portal of Antwerp and its province Portal of Antwerp and its province
The Zaragoza 2008 International Exhibition is an international exhibition held in Zaragoza between June 14, 2008 and September 14, 2008. 106 countries were represented, and 3,400 shows were planned. The mascot of the exhibition is a drop of water named Fluvi.
From a Buick 6 is a song by Bob Dylan released in 1965 on the album Highway 61 Revisited. She also released the B-side of the single Positively 4th Street that same year.
Kurt Alois Josef Johann von Schuschnigg was Federal Chancellor of Austria from July 25, 1934 to March 11, 1938.
Natashquan is a township municipality in Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Minganie and the administrative region of Côte-Nord. Natashquan is the birthplace of Gilles Vigneault. The 2006 census counted 264 inhabitants there. Natashquan comes from the Innu-aimun word Nutashkuan, which has the exact meaning "where the bear is hunted".
Yangon, in English Rangoon, officially renamed Yangon in 1989, is the economic capital and the largest city of Burma with 4.5 million inhabitants.
HC Košice is a professional ice hockey club from the city of Košice in Slovakia. The team play in the Extraliga, the highest division and have won the title of Slovakia champion three times, the last time in 1999.
éléonore de Navarre, born February 2, 1425, died February 12, 1479 in Tudela, was “legitimate queen of Navarre” from 1464 to 1479 then, for three weeks, queen of Navarre in 1479.
Denens is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
Batman Forever or Batman Forever in Quebec is an American film released in 1995, directed by Joel Schumacher and produced by Tim Burton for Warner Bros .. It is the third film in the Batman saga started in 1989 by Tim Burton.
Paul Allen is an American computer scientist, entrepreneur, businessman and patron of the arts. A pioneer and visionary in the field of microcomputing, he co-founded in 1975, with Bill Gates, the Microsoft company. He is also the owner-shareholder of a financial empire of multiple companies in the fields of high technology, research, media and sports, most of which are grouped under the parent company Vulcan Ventures.
Lac-Jérôme is an unorganized territory that is part of the regional county municipality of Minganie in Quebec, which is part of the administrative region of Côte-Nord.
Elay, called Seehof in German, is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Bern, located in the administrative district of the Bernese Jura.
Quincy / Kono yo no Shirushi is BoA's 14th single released under the Avex Trax label on September 1, 2004 in Japan.
Notre-Dame-de-Lorette is a municipality of Quebec,, part of the regional county municipality of Maria-Chapdelaine, located in the administrative region of Saguenay – Lac-Saint-Jean. It is named in honor of the Holy House of Loreto.
The Ems is a river in the north-west of Germany, a calm stream, it is navigable over a length of 238 km and serves as a relay for various canals between the Rhine and the Elbe. Weser are the only two rivers whose course is entirely on German territory.
The states and territories of Australia form a federation and compose the Commonwealth of Australia.
Hélène Frédérique Augusta de Waldeck, Princess of Waldeck-Pyrmont, born February 17, 1861 and died September 1, 1922, was the daughter of Georges-Victor, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont and of Princess Hélène de Nassau. She later became Duchess of Albany, a member of the British royal family by marriage.
John Wesley Harding is the eighth studio album by Bob Dylan, an American folk-rock singer-songwriter, released in 1967. This album marks a return to acoustic music. It was the first album after Bob Dylan's motorcycle accident in July 1966, and in 2003 it was ranked 301st of the 500 greatest albums of all time by Rolling Stone magazine.
Hangzhou is the capital of the Chinese province of Zhejiang. The city is located at the end of Hangzhou Bay, 200 kilometers southwest of Shanghai, and has the administrative status of a sub-provincial city. In 2010, the population of the prefecture was 8,700,400 inhabitants, 70% of whom are urban.
Robert Reichel is a professional ice hockey player turned coach.
The Meuse-Argonne offensive was the last attack of the First World War. It was also the American Expeditionary Force's largest operation and victory in this war. The offensive took place in the Verdun sector, immediately north and northwest of the city, between September 26 and November 11, 1918. This operation pushed the German army to final defeat and the signing of the armistice of November 11 which ended hostilities.
Armand Augustin Louis, Marquis de Caulaincourt, Duke of Vicence is a French soldier and diplomat.
Sidi Bel Abbès or Sidi-bel-Abbès is, in Algeria, a municipality in the wilaya of Sidi Bel Abbès, of which it is the capital, dynamic commercial and industrial center located 80 km from Oran, the city has 212,000 inhabitants which makes it the second largest urban area in the west after Oran.
Bahi Ladgham, born January 10, 1913 in Tunis and died April 13, 1998 in Paris, is a Tunisian politician, having held several important positions with President Habib Bourguiba. Militant for independence, he became the third Prime Minister of Tunisia and one of the builders of modern Tunisia, helping to found the national army.
this is a list
The Sufferer and the Witness is the fourth album by the group Rise Against, released on July 4, 2006.
Ange-Gardien is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Rouville in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Montérégie.
Living on My Own is a song written, composed and performed by Freddie Mercury, released on the album Mr. Bad Guy, in 1985.
Sanjaagiin Bayar, born in Ulaanbaatar in 1956, is a Mongolian politician, and Prime Minister of Mongolia between November 22, 2007 and October 29, 2009. In 1978, he graduated in law from the State University of Moscow. He was a journalist from 1983 to 1990, working for the news agencies Montsame and Mongolpress. Bayar joined the Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party in 1988.
Soyuz TMA-08M is a space mission whose launch took place on March 28, 2013 at 20 h 43 min 20 s UTC from the Baikonour Cosmodrome. It transports three members of Expedition 35 to the International Space Station. This is the 118th flight of a Soyuz spacecraft since the first in 1967.
Saint-Bruno-de-Kamouraska is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Kamouraska in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent.
Saint-Livres is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges. Its inhabitants, numbering 564, are the Saint-Levris.
Damaskinos of Athens, born Dimitrios Papandreou on March 3, 1891 in Dorvitsa in the nome of Aetolia-Acarnania and died on May 30, 1949 in Athens, is a Greek Orthodox prelate who became Archbishop-Primate of Athens and all Greece between 1941 and 1949. He was also Regent of the Kingdom of Greece from 1944 to 1946.
Saint-Joseph-de-Kamouraska is a parish municipality in the regional county municipality of Kamouraska in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent.
Chelyabinsk is a city in Russia and the administrative capital of Chelyabinsk Oblast. Its population was 1,156,201 in 2013.
The term demotic, in the context of Egyptology, designates both a type of writing and the state of the Egyptian language that it notes, as opposed to hieratic writing and that of hieroglyphics. demotic writing was formed during the Saite period. The oldest currently known attestation dates from Psammetica I. The demotic is a simplification of the hieratic, itself a simplification of hieroglyphics.
Anna Mae Bullock, known as Tina Turner, is a Swiss singer, dancer, actress and songwriter since 2013, of American origin, born November 26, 1939 in Nutbush. She has won eight Grammy Awards. Her constant contributions to rock music have earned her the title of "Queen of Rock & Roll".
Astronomy Domine is a song by the British band Pink Floyd. The song, written and composed by Syd Barrett, is the first song from The Piper at the Gates of Dawn album, where the lyrics are sung by Syd Barrett and Rick Wright. Peter Jenner, the band's manager at the time, appears in the song's introduction reading the names of stars into a megaphone.
Graham Harman, born in 1968 in Iowa City, is an American philosopher specializing in Heidegger's thought. He currently teaches at the American University in Cairo, Egypt. He is often associated with the Speculative Realism movement, alongside philosophers such as Ray Brassier, Iain Hamilton Grant, and Quentin Meillassoux.
Kyoto is a prefecture of Japan located on the island of Honshū, in the Kansai region. Its capital is Kyoto.
Ralph Deleon Guerrero Torres, born August 6, 1979 in Saipan, is an American politician and member of the Republican Party. He has been Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands since December 29, 2015.
Nour ad-Din Mahmûd el Malik al Adil also called Nur ed-Din, Nur al-Din or Nûreddîn also called Noradin by the Frankish knights, is a Muslim warlord of the 12th century who fights against the presence of the Crusaders in Syria and in Egypt and advocates for that the unification of Muslims. Emir of Aleppo in 1146, he unites Muslim Syria under his authority in 1154 by conquering Damascus, then sends an expedition for the control of Egypt.
Bérengère de Portugal, born 1194, died in 1221. She became queen of Denmark by her marriage. Daughter of Sancho I of Portugal and of Douce d'Aragon, she became the second wife in 1214 of Valdemar II of Denmark. From this union were born : Eric IV of Denmark Sophie of Denmark, wife 1236 of Margrave John I of Brandenburg Abel I of Denmark Christophe I of Denmark
Reza Chah Pahlavi, born in Alasht on March 16, 1878, died in Johannesburg on July 26, 1944. Emperor of Persia and founder of the Pahlavi dynasty, he reigned from 1925 to 1941. A Cossack officer from a line of soldiers, he became successively supreme commander of the armed bodies and head of government of the Persian Empire under the reign of Ahmed Chah, the last Qadjar ruler.
Apollon Limassol Football Club is a Cypriot football club based in Limassol.
Smiley Smile, released in 1967, is the Beach Boys' twelfth studio album. Released instead of the aborted Smile project, it received a generally lukewarm reception.
The Gonzi I government is the government of the Republic of Malta between March 23, 2004 and March 10, 2008, during the twenty-second legislature of the Chamber of Deputies.
Neon Bible is the second album by Quebec indie rock band Arcade Fire, released March 5, 2007 in Europe and March 6, 2007 in North America. Most of the album was recorded in a church that the band performed. bought and renovated. It enjoyed commercial success in North America and Europe and was met with critical acclaim.
Honda Motor Company, Limited, or more simply Honda, is a manufacturer of automobiles, trucks, motorcycles, ATVs and scooters as well as business aircraft. It is also a manufacturer of electric generators, boat motors, as well as gardening and DIY equipment.
Dnipropetrovsk or Dnepropetrovsk, until 1926 Yekaterinoslav or Ekaterinoslav, is a city in Ukraine and the administrative capital of Dnipropetrovsk Oblast. Its population, in decline, amounted to 997,754 inhabitants in 2013 against 1,177,897 inhabitants in 1989. Its agglomeration is the third largest in the country, with more than 1.4 million inhabitants.
FK Ventspils is a Latvian football club based in Ventspils.
Giovanni Francesco Ugolini, born February 28, 1953 in Borgo Maggiore, is a politician from San Marino, graduated in industrial chemistry, he worked successively in a medical analysis laboratory, in the hotel industry and then as an entrepreneur. Belonging to the Christian Democratic Party since 1978, he was a member of the Grand General Council from 1998 to 2001. On two occasions he served as captain-regent of the Republic from April 1 to October 1, 2002 together with Antonio Lazzaro Volpinari and new from October 1, 2010 to April 1, 2011 jointly with Andrea Zafferani.
Annette Vilhelmsen, born October 24, 1959, is a Danish politician and member of the People's Socialist Party.
Presence is an album by Led Zeppelin, released on the Swan Song Records label in 1976.
Soyuz T-13 is a Soviet space mission.
Sainte-Barbe is a Quebec municipality located in the regional county municipality of Haut-Saint-Laurent in the Vallée-du-Haut-Saint-Laurent in Montérégie.
The Gulf of Mexico is a gulf in the Atlantic Ocean, located in the southeast of North America. It covers an area of ​​1,550,000 km2.
Bouchette is a municipality of Quebec in the regional county municipality of La Vallée-de-la-Gatineau and the administrative region of Outaouais, Canada.The municipality is named in honor of the famous surveyor Joseph Bouchette.
The Oakland Athletics more often referred to as "A's" are an Oakland-based MLB franchise. Founded in Philadelphia in 1901, this franchise was transferred to Kansas City in 1955 and then to Oakland in 1968.
Flémalle is a French-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Walloon region in the province of Liège. As of January 1, 2007, it had 25,021 inhabitants for an area of ​​36.59 km2. Flémalle, together with Liège, Seraing, Herstal, Saint-Nicolas and Ans, forms the agglomeration of Liège. It is therefore part of the administrative and judicial district of Liège as well as of the electoral and judicial canton of Grace-Hollogne.
Joseph A. Califano, Jr., born May 15, 1931 in New York City, is an American politician. A member of the Democratic Party, he was United States Secretary of Health, Education and Human Services between 1977 and 1979 under the administration of President Jimmy Carter.
Mic Michaeli is a Swedish rock keyboardist born November 11, 1962 in Upplands Väsby. He is best known for his participation in the Swedish rock band Europe
Gontenschwil is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Kulm.
Saint-Calixte is a Canadian municipality in Quebec. It is located more precisely in the Lanaudière region and in the MRC de Montcalm. Saint-Callixte, founded on July 1, 1855, was named in honor of the late pope and bishop of Rome, Callistus I. The city is surrounded by the Laurentian mountains and its main waterway is the Beauport River. Lac Cristal is located in the territory of the municipality.
Sheenboro is a municipality in Quebec, located in the MRC of Pontiac in Outaouais.
Gordan Jandrokovi æ n e 2 August 1967 in Bjelovar in Croatia, is a diplomat and Croatian politics. He was Minister of Foreign Affairs from January 12, 2008 to December 23, 2011.
Porza is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Ticino, located in the district of Lugano.
Miramichi is the largest city in the northeastern province of New Brunswick, Canada. It is located in Northumberland County, at the mouth of the Miramichi River, which empties into the Gulf of St. Lawrence.
Recreativo de Huelva is a Spanish football club based in Huelva. He was promoted three times to the Spanish D1 Championship in 1979, 2003 and most recently in 2006 by winning the Spanish D2 Championship.
Rainmaker is a single from the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden.
Gebenstorf is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Baden.
This article lists the Presidents of the Cooperative Republic of Guyana since the proclamation of the Republic on February 23, 1970. From May 26, 1966 to February 23, 1970, Queen Elizabeth II was the Head of State of British Guyana. Policy Portal Guyana Portal Guyana Portal
Know Your Enemy is the 6th track from the self-titled debut album by rap metal band Rage Against the Machine.
Rawalpindi is a city in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is the third largest city in the country after Karachi and Lahore with 4.5 million inhabitants including the urban area. It was the national capital from 1959 to 1967, pending the construction of Islamabad, located not far north of Rawalpindi. The city and the district of Rawalpindi are combined. The headquarters of the Pakistani army is located in Rawalpindi.
The University of St. Gallen is a university working in the field of economics, law and social sciences. It is located in the city of St. Gallen, Switzerland.
Defensor Sporting Club is a Uruguayan football club based in Montevideo, where Maurice Larriera has been the coach since January 2015.
Santa Cruz de Tenerife is a Spanish city located in the northeast of the island of Tenerife, the most populous island of the Canary Islands and Spain, which lies in the Atlantic Ocean. It is the capital of the Province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife, as well as one of the two capitals of the Canary Islands.
Anton Buttigieg is the second President of the Republic of Malta.
The TMA-13 ​​mission of the Soyuz program was launched on October 12, 2008. It provided transport for two members of the Expedition 18 crew to the International Space Station. TMA-13 ​​is the 100th flight of a Soyuz spacecraft since the first in 1967. It ended with its return to earth on April 8, 2009, 178 days after its launch.
Binetsu is the 6th single by Aya Ueto released under the Pony Canyon label on November 27, 2003 in Japan. He reached 14th place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 15,193 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 7 weeks, for a total of 24,086 copies sold. Binetsu and Silence can be found on the album MESSAGE; Binetsu can also be found on the UETOAYAMIX remix album and on the Best of Aya Ueto: Single Collection compilation.
Penthéréaz is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Gros-de-Vaud. Cited in 1141, it was part of the district of échallens from 1803 to 2007. The town was populated by 372 inhabitants in 2013.
Marie-Anne of Austria, Infanta of Spain, born in Madrid on August 18, 1606, died in Linz on May 13, 1646, was empress consort of the Holy Empire, queen consort of Germany, Bohemia and Hungary and archduchess consort of Austria through his marriage to Ferdinand III of the Holy Roman Empire.
Hillsborough Parish is both a civil parish and a Canadian local service district in Albert County, located in southeastern New Brunswick in Canada. Most of the parish is included in the DSL, with the remainder located in the village of Hillsborough.
Nancy Boy is a song by the rock band Placebo. This is the sixth track of the Placebo album. The single, which reached number four in the UK charts, was the group's first commercial success. "Nancy Boy" is an outdated and derogatory English expression for a effeminate man. The text is a cartoonish self-portrait of Brian Molko; Provocative, lustful, he describes the life of a totally disoriented junkie.
Edward the Confessor or Saint Edward the Confessor, son of Æthelred II the Misguided, is the penultimate Anglo-Saxon ruler to have reigned over England before the capture of the country by the Norman William the Conqueror. His great piety earned him his nickname and the fact of being then canonized in 1161.
The Kama is a river in European Russia, a left tributary of the Volga.
Saint-étienne-de-Bolton is a municipality in Quebec, located in the MRC de Memphrémagog in Estrie. It is accessible via route 112 or route 245.
Tássos Papadópoulos, born January 7, 1934 in Nicosia and died December 12, 2008 in the same city, is a Cypriot politician, President of the Republic of Cyprus from February 28, 2003 to February 28, 2008.
Eduardo Luís Barreto Ferro Rodrigues, born November 3, 1949 in Lisbon, is a Portuguese politician who belongs to the Socialist Party, of which he was General Secretary, and several times Minister of António Guterres, he was Portuguese Ambassador to the OECD .
I Am… is the third studio album by American rapper Nas, released on April 6, 1999 on Columbia Records.
The Ruler is a faintly visible southern hemisphere constellation.
Supersonic is the first single from the English rock band Oasis. Written by Noel Gallagher, the song is featured on their debut album Definitely Maybe. With this song, Great Britain discovered in 1994 the raw and explosive sound of a group which would become a true phenomenon. The peculiarities of Oasis are already all present in the song.
Reino Kuuskoski, born January 18, 1907 in Loimaa and died January 27, 1965 in Helsinki, is a Finnish statesman, Prime Minister of Finland from April 26 to August 29, 1958.
Pierre Blanchy is a French diplomat and politician, who served three times as Minister of State of Monaco.
Montcherand is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois.
Saint-Célestin is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of Nicolet-Yamaska ​​in Center-du-Quebec. This municipality encloses the village municipality of Saint-Célestin.
The Order of the Red Flag is one of the earliest and highest Soviet military decorations, and was awarded for military acts. It should not be confused with the Order of the Red Flag of Labor instituted later for civilian achievements.
Natalie Portman is an Israeli-American actress, born June 9, 1981 in Jerusalem. She made her film debut in Léon by Luc Besson, alongside Jean Reno in 1994. She rose to international fame in 1999 with the release of Star Wars, episode I: The Phantom Menace in which she played Padmé Amidala in alongside Liam Neeson and Ewan McGregor.
The Major National University of San Marcos is the main university in Peru, located in Lima.
The Communist Party of Cuba or PCC is a Cuban communist political party formally founded in 1965 and since the "one party". Of obedience "Martist and Marxist-Leninist", he ruled the country since its creation. Fidel Castro was the first secretary general of its foundation on April 19, 2011. He was then replaced by his brother Raúl Castro, who had already led the country for almost four years.
Ali Bongo Ondimba, born Alain-Bernard Bongo on February 9, 1959 in Brazzaville, is a Gabonese politician, son of former President Omar Bongo and Minister of Defense from 1999 to 2009.Candidate of the Gabonese Democratic Party in the presidential election on August 30, 2009, he was elected President of the Gabonese Republic with 41.73% of the votes, during the single round.
FBC Melgar is a Peruvian football club based in Arequipa. Peruvian champion in 1981, Foot Ball Club Melgar participated in the Copa Libertadores in 1982 and 1984, the Copa CONMEBOL in 1998 and finally the Copa Sudamericana in 2013.
The Utica Comets are an ice hockey team playing in the American Hockey League which begins its activities during the 2013-2014 season. The team performs at the Utica Memorial Auditorium in Utica, New York. The Comets his affiliated with the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League .The Comets are the second team in the history of the AHL domiciled in Utica after the Utica Devils, who played from 1987 to 1993 and there have e t e affiliated ed for the New Jersey Devils.
Caplan is a village in Quebec located in the heart of the Baie des Chaleurs, in the MRC of Bonaventure, in Gaspésie. The 2011 census counted 2,039 inhabitants, or 8.2% more than in 2006. The inhabitants are called Caplinots and Caplinotes.
Girl Next Door was Girl Next Door's debut album released under the Avex Trax label on December 24, 2008.
VfL Bochum is a German 2.Bundesliga football club based in Bochum.
Gustaf Lennart Nikolaus Paul Bernadotte, Prince of Sweden, born May 8, 1909 in Stockholm and died December 21, 2004 on the island of Mainau, Duke of Småland and Count of Wisborg, was the only son of William of Sweden, Prince of Sweden and Duke of Södermanland, and Grand Duchess Marie Pavlovna of Russia.
Bretonnières is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois.
The Association Sportive Beauvais Oise, abbreviated as ASBO, is a French football club, founded in 1945. Based in Beauvais, the club has played at home at the Pierre-Brisson stadium in CFA since 2012, the club having been relegated from National where that - this had passed six years.
White Light / White Heat is the second album by American rock band The Velvet Underground, released in 1968 on Verve Records. This was the band's last album to be recorded with bassist and founding member of the band, John Cale.
The President of the Republic of Cyprus is the Head of the Cypriot State, whose political and institutional competences are governed by Title III of the Constitution of the Republic of Cyprus.According to Article 36 of the Constitution, the President takes precedence over everything on the territory of the Republic.
Worb is a municipality in the canton of Berne in Switzerland, located in the administrative district of Berne-Mittelland.
La Macaza is a municipality of Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of Antoine-Labelle, in the administrative region of Laurentides. Its name comes from that of a Native American who camped there. A federal medium security penitentiary is located at Macaza. La Macaza - Mont Tremblant International Airport is also located here. In 2002, La Macaza was merged with three other municipalities to form the new town of Rivière-Rouge.
Son Ngoc Thanh is a Cambodian nationalist leader who was first inducted as prime minister in 1945, taking advantage of the ouster of colonial power by the Japanese army.
The city of Lancaster is the seat of Lancaster County, in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, United States. Its population was 59,322 inhabitants in the 2010 census, estimated at 59,420 inhabitants in 2018.
Saint-édouard is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Les Jardins-de-Napierville in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Montérégie.
BK Häcken, formerly Kopparbergs / Göteborg FC, is a Swedish women's football club founded in 1970 and based in Gothenburg.
Notre-Dame-du-Nord is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of Témiscamingue in Abitibi-Témiscamingue. The 2006 census counted 1,116 inhabitants.
The Democratic Forum for Work and Freedoms or FDTL, transcribed and better known as Ettakatol, is a Tunisian social-democratic political party founded on April 9, 1994 and recognized on October 25, 2002.
Zundert is a municipality in the province of North Brabant in the Netherlands.
Different World is the name of the first track of the album A Matter of Life and Death by British band Iron Maiden, released in 2006, and of a single by the group released in November 2006, the shortest piece of the album, lasting 4 min 17 s, it is composed by the duo Smith / Harris. This fast track with a luminous chorus denotes within a dark and complex album, the general atmosphere recalls the previous singles of the group in the lineage of Futureal, The Wickerman or Wildest Dream.
Brighton, is a city in East Sussex. Since 1997 it has come under the unitary authority of Brighton and Hove. Brighton is a town and one of England's most famous seaside resorts. It was made fashionable in particular by Albert Abdullah David Sassoon, the “Indian Rothschild”, in the 1870s.
Shades of Cool is a song by American singer-songwriter Lana Del Rey. She is featured on her third studio album titled Ultraviolence, and was released as the album's second single on May 26, 2014 on the Polydor and Interscope Records labels.
Hot Time / A ~ ~ answer is the 5th single Misono released under the label Avex Trax onFebruary 7, 2007 in Japan. It reached 22nd place in the Oricon classification, it remained classified for 4 weeks, for a total of 8,445 copies sold. It is released in CD and CD + DVD format.
ELO 2 is the second album of the group Electric Light Orchestra, released in 1973. It was released under the name Electric Light Orchestra II in the United States. Roy Wood left the group during the recording of this album to found Wizzard.
Another Part of Me is the 6th single from Michael Jackson's album Bad. Released in July 1988, it ranks 11th on the Billboard Hot 100 and 1st place on the Hot Black Singles.
Lose Your Mind is the 25esingle by BoA released on the Avex Trax label on December 12, 2007 in Japan. It reached 6th place in the Oricon ranking and remains classified for 6 weeks for a total of 22,961 copies sold. The songs Lose Your Mind and Smile again can be found on the album The Face. Smile again was used as the musical theme for the drama Doyo Wide Gekijou.
The UCB Thunderbirds are a university sports club representing the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, Canada.
The arrondissement of Pointe-à-Pitre is a French administrative division, located in the department of Guadeloupe and the Guadeloupe region.
Forest is one of the 589 municipalities in Belgium and one of the 19 municipalities of Brussels-Capital.
Fouad Massoum, born January 1, 1938 in Koya in the province of Arbil, is an Iraqi statesman of Kurdish origin. On July 24, 2014, he was elected President of the Republic by Parliament. Massoum is Iraq's second non-Arab president, succeeding Jalal Talabani, also of Kurdish descent.
Watford is a town in England, located in Hertfordshire, about thirty kilometers north-west of London. Its population was estimated at 79,300 inhabitants in 2005 and its agglomeration at around 120,000. It is located on two rivers, the Gade and the Colne.
Saint-Marc-du-Lac-Long is a parish in the regional county municipality of Témiscouata in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent, bordered to the south by the boundary separating Quebec from New Brunswick, the territory of this municipality of Témiscouata is occupied in its middle by Lac Long, a water table 22 km long. The village is installed at the height of a narrowing of the lake, called the Narrows.
Fully is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Valais located in the district of Martigny.
Michael Richard Uram Clifford aka Rich Clifford is an American astronaut born October 13, 1952.
Arezzo is an Italian city of about 100,000 inhabitants, capital of the province of Arezzo, in the Tuscany region.
FSV Frankfurt, short version of Fussballsportverein Frankfurt 1899 eV, is a German football club, founded on August 20, 1899 and based in Frankfurt am Main.
Yolande James is a Quebec politician. She was the member for the riding of Nelligan in the National Assembly of Quebec from 2004 to 2014 in the Liberal caucus. She was minister in the Charest government from 2007 to 2012.
One Way or Another is a song by the American group Blondie.
Mergoscia is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Ticino, located in the district of Locarno.
République Was one of the 15 constitute republics of the Soviet Union between 1922 and 1991.
Sergei Yevgenevich Treshchiov is a Russian cosmonaut, born August 18, 1958.
The district of Faro is a district of Portugal. Its area is 4,988.56 km2, making it the 10th largest in the country. Its population is 411,468. Its capital is the eponymous city of Faro.
François Marty,, is a French Catholic clergyman who was cardinal-archbishop of Paris.
Gudo is a municipality in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland, located in the district of Bellinzona.
Lac-Lapeyrère is an unorganized territory in municipality forming part of the regional county municipality of Portneuf in Quebec,. The MRC is included in the administrative region of the Capitale-Nationale.
The Buffalo Bisons are a professional American Hockey League ice hockey franchise that evolved in Buffalo from 1940 to 1970.Logo: A club-branded soft drink bottle cap.Division Titles: 7 Regular Season Titles : 5 Championships won: 5
Personico is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Ticino, located in the district of Leventina.
Baker Street is a song by Gerry Rafferty, its title comes from the famous London street Baker Street.It is part of the second album of Gerry Rafferty, City to City, recorded in 1977. Released as a single in 1978, it reached the place of No. 2 in the United States. The album, including Baker Street, was co-produced by Rafferty and Hugh Murphy.
Sainte-Anne-des-Lacs is a parish municipality in the regional county municipality of Pays-d'en-Haut in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Laurentides.
Morning View is the fourth album by alternative rock band Incubus, released on October 23, 2001.
Kevin Williamson, born March 14, 1965 in New Bern, is an American director, producer and screenwriter. He created the hit television series Dawson.
Flight of Icarus is a single by Iron Maiden on the 1983 album Piece of Mind, telling the story of Icarus and Daedalus stranded in a cave on the side of a cliff. They decide to make wings with feathers and wax.
Jean Galéas Visconti, in Italian Gian Galeazzo Visconti, is an Italian nobleman born in Milan on October 16, 1351 and died on September 3, 1402 in Melegnano, who became lord of Milan in 1385 and was its first duke in 1395.
County Offaly is an administrative district of the Republic of Ireland located in the center of the island of Ireland in the province of Leinster and surrounded by the following counties: Galway, Roscommon, Westmeath, Meath, Kildare, Laois and Tipperary.
Gabriele Tarquini is an Italian racing driver born March 2, 1962 in Giulianova Lido, in the province of Teramo, Abruzzo. He notably competed in the Formula 1 World Championship between 1987 and 1995. In his career, he won the UK Touring Car Championship in 1994, the FIA ​​European Touring Car Championship in 2003 and the Championship. of the passenger car world in 2009.
The STS-33 mission was the ninth of Space Shuttle Discovery. It was carried out on behalf of the US Department of Defense.
Louis II of Bavaria, born Louis Othon Frederick William of Wittelsbach was from 1864 to 1886 the fourth king of Bavaria. His other titles are Count Palatine of the Rhine, Duke of Bavaria, Franconia and Swabia.
You Don't Know My Name is the 1st single from the second studio album by American artist Alicia Keys.
Viikki is a district in the south-east of Helsinki 8 km from the center.
The Paramour Sessions is the fifth studio album by American nu metal band Papa Roach released on September 12, 2006 on Geffen Records.The track Roses On My Grave pays homage to the singer's grandfather, named Howard William Roatch from where they took the name of their group. He committed suicide in 2005. The single ... To Be Loved 'is also the theme of WWE Raw, the American wrestling federation.
Joseph-Frédéric de Saxe-Altenbourg, born August 27, 1789 in Hildburghausen, died November 25, 1868 in Altenburg, was Duke of Saxe-Altenburg from 1834 to 1848.
Clark County is a county in the southernmost part of the US state of Nevada. It is the most populous in the state and a major tourist destination with 150,000 hotel and motel rooms in 2005.
Josef Ertl, born March 7, 1925 in Oberschleißheim and died November 18, 2000 in Murnau am Staffelsee, was a German politician and member of the Liberal Democratic Party. He was Federal Minister of Agriculture of West Germany from 1969 to 1983, with the exception of two weeks in 1982. He was the first Liberal to hold this post, for which he still holds the record for longevity.
Engis is a French-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Walloon region in the province of Liège. Since 1977, it has brought together the sections of Engis, Clermont-sous-Huy, Hermalle-sous-Huy, éhein-bas and part of Ombret-Rawsa. It had a population of 5,792 inhabitants on December 7, 2009.
Toronto is the largest city in Canada and the provincial capital of Ontario. It is located in Southeastern Canada, on the northwestern shore of Lake Ontario. According to the 2011 census, Toronto has a population of 2,615,060, making it the fifth most populous city in North America, and one of the largest in the Great Lakes region.
Arthur III of Brittany known as the “Constable of Richemont” or “the Justicier”, son of Jean IV, Duke of Brittany, and of his third wife Jeanne de Navarre, was Constable of France from 1425 and Duke of Brittany from 1457 to 1458.
Start All Over is Miley Cyrus' 3rd single in 2007, on the Meet Miley Cyrus album.
Casimir I the Restorer, also nicknamed the Restorer or the Pacific, son of Mieszko II of Poland and Rycheza of Lorraine, Duke of Poland from 1039 to 1058.
Down in Albion is the first album by Babyshambles, Pete Doherty's band after the Libertines. Down in Albion was released on November 14, 2005, while on the Internet it was illegally uploaded on October 19, 2005. Produced by Mick Jones, Down in Albion contains a re-recorded version of their second single Killamangiro as well as a reggae version of the track Pentonville.
Mondercange is a Luxembourgish locality and the capital of the municipality bearing the same name located in the canton of Esch-sur-Alzette and the district of Luxembourg.
I Am a Rock is a song composed by Paul Simon.The song first appeared on Simon's debut solo album, The Paul Simon Songbook, in 1965, and was also released as a single, with Leaves That Are Green opposite B Following the success of the electric version of The Sound of Silence, Simon reformed the duo Simon and Garfunkel with Art Garfunkel. They recorded a new version of I Am a Rock which appeared on their second album, Sounds of Silence, released in January 1966.
Alyson Lee Hannigan, born March 24, 1974 in Washington, DC, is an American actress best known for her portrayal of Willow Rosenberg in the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Lily Aldrin in How I Met Your Mother and for his participation in the American Pie film saga.
Park Geun-hye is a South Korean politician born on February 2, 1952 in Samdeok-dong in the administrative division of Jung District, Daegu city of Daegu. Former president of the first opposition party, the Grand National Party, she is the daughter of former military dictator Park Chung-hee, who ruled South Korea between 1961 and 1979. From 1998 to 2012, she was a member of the South Korean National Assembly.
Nick Raskulinecz is an American producer whose career really began alongside Foo Fighters with the album One by One, winning two of the three Grammy Awards he owns. After his participation in the following albums of the group, he worked alongside many other formations such as Alice in Chains, Deftones, Evanescence, Rush, Stone Sour or Velvet Revolver.
Kill Rock Stars is an independent label founded in Olympia, Washington in 1991 by Slim Moon, specializing in indie rock and punk rock groups such as riot grrrl bands Bikini Kill, Sleater-Kinney and composer Elliott Smith .
Napoleon Eugène Louis Jean Joseph Bonaparte, Prince Imperial, known as Louis-Napoléon, born March 16, 1856 in Paris and died June 1, 1879 in Zulu country, is the only child of Napoleon III, Emperor of the French, and his wife, the Empress Eugenie. Called Louis by his parents, he signed Napoleon after his father's death on January 9, 1873, instead of Louis-Napoleon previously.
Paraguay is a country in South America without access to the sea.
The city of Butte is the seat of Silver Bow County, in the mountainous part of the state of Montana, United States. It is the fourth largest agglomeration of this state, with 33,525 inhabitants at the time of the 2010 census. Today for the most part abandoned, its silver and copper mines allowed the city to develop and to know its "age of" gold ”at the start of the 20th century, the Anaconda Copper being the world's leading producer of copper for ten years.
Stanis ł aw Wojciechowski is a Polish politician. He was pr é President of R e public of 20 d é December 1922 to 14 May 1926.
The Cher is a river in central France and a left tributary of the Loire.
Brad Wilk is an American drummer. He lived in Chicago as a child, and later moved to Southern California. Wilk started playing drums when he was 13 and got a drum kit at 14. After responding to an ad in a local newspaper, Wilk joins Tom Morello, Tim Commerford, and Zack de la Rocha to form Rage Against the Machine. They make 4 studio albums together before their separation.
Oscar Mina is a politician from San Marino, Captain Regent of San Marino for the period from April 1, 2009 to October 2009 with Massimo Cenci. Oscar Mina was elected to the Grand General Council as a member of the Christian Democratic Party in 2006.
Expo 2015 is a Universal Exhibition scheduled to be held in Milan, Italy, from May 1 to October 31, 2015. Milan was once the site of the 1906 Universal Exhibition on the theme of Transport.
STS-48 is the thirteenth flight of the space shuttle Discovery.
Sweetest Sin is the first single by American singer Jessica Simpson, from the third album of In This Skin, released on July 22, 2003. The song is written by Diane Warren and composed by Ric Wake.
Soyuz TM-12 is a crewed flight of the Soviet Soyuz-TM spacecraft Soyuz, launched on May 18, 1991.
Sainte-Euphémie-sur-Rivière-du-Sud is a municipality in Quebec that is part of the regional county municipality of Montmagny itself included in the Chaudière-Appalaches administrative region. It is named in honor of Euphemia of Chalcedon. In 2007, Saint Euphemia celebrated its centenary.
Bulle is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Friborg, capital of the district of Gruyère.
The Show Must Go On a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd that appeared on the 1979 album The Wall. It is written by Roger Waters. This song began on the fourth side on the original vinyl record. This song does not appear on the movie Pink Floyd The Wall.
Jacob Pieter Pompejus baron van Zuylen van Nijevelt, born in Dordrecht on June 29, 1816 and died in The Hague on November 4, 1890 was a nobleman from Gelderland and politician from the Netherlands. Initially, Van Zuylen van Nijevelt was a supporter of Thorbecke and Minister of Foreign Affairs in his first government.
Yer Blues is a Beatles song written by John Lennon, released on the White Album on November 22, 1968.
Camden is a city in the state of New Jersey located on the banks of the Delaware River on the outskirts of Philadelphia. In 2006, it had 79,318 inhabitants. It is the seat of Camden County.
The 24 Hours of Le Mans is a 24-hour motor race, taking place in June on a road circuit, south of the city of Le Mans, in the Sarthe department of France. This event has existed since 1923 and since 2012 it has been part of the World Endurance Championship.
Tom Cruise is an American actor and film producer born July 3, 1962 in Syracuse, New York, and rose to fame for his role in the movie Top Gun. He has since starred in numerous blockbuster movies, such as Rain Man, Born July 4, Interview with a Vampire, and the Mission Impossible saga. Tom Cruise has received three Oscar nominations and seven Golden Globe nominations, which he has won three times.
The Stade des Alpes is a sports facility of the Grenoble Alpes Métropole community attached to the Pôle d'Animation et Gestion des Equipements Sportifs. This 20,068-seat stadium, inaugurated in 2008, on the edge of the Paul-Mistral park in Grenoble, was built on the site of the Charles-Berty Stadium destroyed in 2003 to allow the construction of this new enclosure.It hosts the home matches of FC Grenoble Rugby, Grenoble Foot 38, and Brûleurs de Loups for the Winter Game. 2012, its management was entrusted by the Metro to the Carilis group as a public service delegate for a period of eight years.
The municipality is in Spain, "the basic entity of the territorial organization of the State".
Kristian Ivanov Viguenin, born June 12, 1975 in Sofia, is a Bulgarian politician and member of the Bulgarian Socialist Party. He was Minister of Foreign Affairs between May 29, 2013 and August 6, 2014.
The Prime Minister of Guyana is the head of government of the Cooperative Republic of Guyana.
Grandval is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Bern, located in the administrative district of the Bernese Jura.
Expo 2017 will follow on from the 2015 World Expo in Milan and will be hosted by Astana in Kazakhstan. The award decision for the winning city was made on November 22, 2012 during the General Assembly of the Bureau international des expositions in Paris.
Frederick the Fair of Habsburg, born in 1286 in Vienna, died January 13, 1330 in Gutenstein, was anti-king of Germania, that is to say pretender but not elected, under the title of Germanic Roman Emperor from 1314 to 1322 Then, from an agreement concluded in 1325 with his cousin, Emperor Louis IV, he became King of Germania under the name of Frederick III.
Dangerous is a song by French disc jockey and producer David Guetta, featuring vocal participation by American singer-songwriter Sam Martin. It was written by Guetta, Giorgio Tuinfort, Martin, Jason Evigan as well as Lindy Robbins and was produced by Guetta, Martin and Evigan.
Rollout is a song by American rapper Ludacris released in 2001. It is the second single from the album Word of Mouf. Produced by Timbaland, it placed 17th on the Billboard Hot 100.Music Portal Music Portal • Song section
Annie Marie Therése Lööf, born Johansson on July 16, 1983 in Värnamo, is a Swedish politician, member of the Center Party, which she chairs, and former Minister of Business.
Kingston is the capital of Jamaica. It forms the parish of Kingston which is located in the county of Surrey in the south-east of the country. It is one of the fastest growing agglomerations in the West Indies.
Bloemfontein is a city in South Africa with a population of 370,000, almost double for its metropolitan area, which is the sixth largest in the country. Bloemfontein is the capital of the Free State province, the capital judiciary since 1910 and seat of the Supreme Court of Appeal.
Elizabeth Woodville was Queen Consort of England through her marriage to King Edward IV of England from 1464 until his death in 1483.
Neuenhof is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Baden.
William Denby "Bill" Hanna is an animator, director, producer, voice actor, and cartoonist whose characters in television series and films have entertained millions of viewers in the 20th century.
Big City Nights is a song by the German hard rock band Scorpions. It appears as the sixth track on their 1984 album, Love at First Sting.
Donald Regan was an American politician who served as Secretary of the Treasury of the United States from 1981 to 1985, Chief of Staff of the White House from 1985 to 1987 in the Reagan administration, where he defended an economic policy of supply and tax cuts to create jobs and stimulate production. Criticized for his ministerial governance, he became the scapegoat for the Iran-Contra affair.
The Name of Aetolia-Acarnania is one of the 54 prefectures of Greece. It is part of the outskirts of West Greece. This name is a combination of the provinces of Aetolia and Acarnania. Although the main city and the main economic center is Agrínio, the capital is Missolonghi for historical reasons. This region has been linked to the Peloponnese since 2004 by the Rion-Antirion Bridge.
Khaled Hadj Ibrahim, known by the stage name Cheb Khaled then just Khaled born February 29, 1960 in Oran, Algeria, is an Algerian singer, composer and multi-instrumentalist of raï.
Oracle is an American company created in 1977 by Larry Ellison. Its flagship products are Oracle Database, Oracle Weblogic Server and Oracle E-Business Suite.
The Triangle is a small constellation in the northern hemisphere whose three main stars form an elongated triangle.
Berkley Books is a publishing house of the American group Penguin Group founded in 1955.
Orange, nicknamed the "City of the Princes", is a French commune located north-west of the department of Vaucluse and the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its inhabitants are called the Orangeois.The position of Orange, at a crossroads of passages for the north, Spain or Italy, nestled in the heart of a rich agricultural region, made it a prime location for the Romans. of which there are many remains, mainly around the Saint-Eutrope hill and the old theater.
No Reason is the second track from Canadian band Sum 41's Chuck album. It was released as a single only in Europe and the United States, with Some Say being released in Canada and Japan at the same time. In an online poll, No Reason was voted best song by Sum 41. It is the only single from Sum 41 that did not have a music video.
The Prime Minister of Thailand is the Head of Government of Thailand, Chairman of the Council of Ministers. This function has existed since the revolution of 1932, when the country became a constitutional monarchy. The Prime Minister is appointed by a vote of the House of Representatives by simple majority and then sworn in before the King of Thailand.
Wilkes-Barre is the county seat of Luzerne County in northern Pennsylvania and the central city in the Wyoming Valley.
Almere City FC are a very young Dutch football club based in Almere. Formerly known as FC Omniworld, the club was renamed “Almere City FC” in mid-2010. Since July 1, 2010, he has been a member of the Ajax Amsterdam satellite clubs. Thus there may in particular be an exchange of players between these two clubs, as well as budgetary aid from Ajax in order to allow Almere City to become a more competitive team. Almere City is playing in Dutch D2.
Frelighsburg is a municipality of Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Brome-Missisquoi in the administrative region of Montérégie. On the other hand, it is part of the Cantons-de-l'Est tourist region. The 2011 census counted 1,094 inhabitants.
The Coptic Orthodox Church is an Eastern Orthodox, autocephalous Church. It is part of the set of Churches of the three councils. Its leader bears the title of Pope of Alexandria and Patriarch of the Preaching of Saint Mark and of All Africa, with residence in Cairo. The title of Patriarch of Alexandria is currently also carried by two other Church leaders.
Your Mother Should Know is a Beatles song by Lennon / McCartney, although written by Paul McCartney alone. She appeared in 1967 on the album Magical Mystery Tour, and also appears in the film of the same name. She was in competition with All You Need Is Love, written by John Lennon, for the live recording in Mondovision on June 25, 1967.
Aleksey Aleksandrovich Gubarev is a Soviet cosmonaut, born March 29, 1931 and died February 21, 2015 in Moscow.
La Manche, in English English Channel, in Breton Mor Breizh, in Cornish, Mor Bretannek, is an epicontinental sea of ​​the Atlantic Ocean, located in the North-West of Europe and which extends over an area of ​​approximately 75,000 km2; 500 kilometers long, 250 kilometers wide and 172 meters deep at its lowest point with an average value of 54 meters.
Anne of Bohemia, born May 11, 1366 in Prague and died June 7, 1394 in Richmond, is one of the daughters of Charles IV, Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire, and Elizabeth of Pomerania. She is Queen of England through her marriage to King Richard II. Anne was promised from the death of her father in 1378 to the King of England, but the prospect of an alliance with the Holy Roman Empire which did not provide real advantages and the need for Richard II to pay a substantial sum money to get the hand of a Bohemian princess who did not even bring a dowry made marriage extremely unpopular in England.
Robert Keith Rae, or Bob Rae, is a Canadian politician. He was the leader of the New Democratic Party of Ontario from February 7, 1982 to June 22, 1996. He was the 21st premier of the Canadian province of Ontario from October 1, 1990 to June 26, 1995, the only neo leader. Democrat to have held this position. He was the Liberal Member of Parliament for Toronto Center in the Canadian House of Commons.
Alexandre Kara đ gold đ evi ć was Prince of Serbia between 1842 and 1858.Le Prince Alexander ed was the son of Đ gold đ e Petrovi ć , better known under the name Kara đ gold đ e or Kara George, who was the chief the first soul è tively against the Serbian Ottomans.En 1813, he followed his father into exile Karageorges Austria then Khotyn in Bessarabia.
Lions Gate Film is a Canadian company founded in Vancouver in 1997 which was the world's first independent film producer, publisher, and publisher. She is now part of the entertainment group Lions Gate Entertainment.
The Peacock is a constellation in the southern hemisphere, not very bright except for a star of the first magnitude. It is one of the southernmost constellations in the sky and is almost invisible north of the Equator.
Authier is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of Abitibi-Ouest in Abitibi-Témiscamingue.
Brad Bird is an American animator, director, screenwriter, and producer born September 15, 1957 in Kalispell, Montana.
Linger is a song by the Cranberries, composed by Noel Hogan and written by Dolores O'Riordan in 1990 and released in 1993. This is the very first song of the Cranberries, it is dedicated to the first love of Dolores O'Riordan, a 17 year old soldier.
Maddington Falls is a municipality of Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Arthabaska and the administrative region of Center-du-Quebec.
Viscount Kawakami Sōroku is a general of the Imperial Japanese Army who was one of the decision-makers of the strategy applied during the First Sino-Japanese War.
Milan is a city in Italy located in the north of the peninsula, near the Alps. Capital of the Lombardy region, in the center of the Po plain, Milan had approximately 1,340,000 inhabitants in 2014, making it the second largest city in Italy in terms of population, but, including its agglomeration, it constitutes the largest urban area in the country.
Mayhem was a televised wrestling event visible only in pay-per-view production produced by World Championship Wrestling and which took place in November in 1999 and 2000. It was the first event to take the name of a video game, then that usually it is rather the video games which take the names of the demonstrations.
Not Now John is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. This is the twelfth track on The Final Cut album released in 1983. It was also released as a single. The song is generally about the war as well as Margaret Thatcher, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom at the time. Roger Waters describes her as dangerous to society.
Publier is a French commune located in the Haute-Savoie department, in the Rhône-Alpes region. It is located in the French Chablais, on Lake Geneva, between Thonon-les-Bains to the west and évian-les-Bains to the east, and facing Morges and Lausanne in Switzerland.
Guatemala is, together with its position as the economic, governmental and cultural capital of the Republic of the same name, also the largest metropolis in Central America.
Frédéric-François II of Mecklenburg-Schwerin was Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin from 1842 to 1883. He is the son of Grand Duke Paul-Frédéric and his wife, née Princess Alexandrine of Prussia.
Cécile Duflot, born April 1, 1975 in Villeneuve-Saint-Georges, is a French politician, national secretary of the ecological parties Les Verts from 2006 to 2010 and Europe écologie Les Verts from 2010 to 2012, she was elected member of the sixth constituency in Paris on June 17, 2012.
Message / Personal is Aya Ueto's 4th single released under the Pony Canyon label on May 14, 2003 in Japan. He reached 10th place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 18,002 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 6 weeks, for a total of 28,367 copies sold.
Roermond is a town and city in the province of Limburg in the Netherlands. Roermond was home to 57,030 inhabitants on January 1, 2014.
Nonoai is a district of the Brazilian city of Santa Maria, Rio Grande do Sul. The neighborhood is located in Sede district.
Plastic Letters is the second album of the group Blondie released in 1978.
Simón José Antonio de la Santísima Trinidad Bolívar y Palacios, better known as Simón Bolívar and nicknamed the Libertador, born July 24, 1783 in Caracas, Venezuela, and died December 17, 1830 in Santa Marta, Colombia, is a general and Venezuelan politician. II is an emblematic figure, with the Argentinian José de San Martín and the Chilean Bernardo O'Higgins, of the emancipation of the Spanish colonies of South America since 1813.
Pawe ł M ą ciwoda is a Polish bassist who has been a member of the German hard rock band Scorpions since January 10, 2004.
Rock N Roll is a song by Canadian musician Avril Lavigne, from her eponymous album.
Saint-Denis-de-Brompton is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Le Val-Saint-François in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Estrie.
The Social Democratic and Labor Party is a political party in Northern Ireland which generally represents the interests of Irish nationalism and therefore of the Catholic minority in Ulster, and is a member of the Party of European Socialists and the Socialist International. Current was Margaret Ritchie, replaced by Alasdair McDonnell in 2011.
Serious is a song by the group Duran Duran, released as a single in 1990. It is the second and last single from the group's 6th studio album, Liberty, also released in 1990.
Bertrand Delanoë, born May 30, 1950 in Tunis, is a French politician. Member of the Socialist Party, Paris councilor since 1977, deputy for Paris from 1981 to 1986 then senator between 1995 and 2001, he was mayor of Paris from March 2001 to April 2014, when his former first deputy, Anne Hidalgo succeeded him. .
Billingstad Station is a Norwegian railway station on the Drammen line, located in the territory of the municipality of Asker, in the county of Akershus in the Østlandet region, and is a Norges Statsbaner stopover served by local trains.
The Fantastic Force is a team of superheroes belonging to the universe of Marvel Comics. Fantastic Force is also the title of two series of comic books. Derived from the Fantastic Four, the team has its own eponymous series which lasts 18 issues from November 1994 to April 1996. The first series created in 1994 by screenwriter Tom Brevoort and cartoonist Dante Bastianoni recounts the adventures of the team.
Eintracht Brunswick is a German football club playing in the 2nd Bundesliga and based in Brunswick.
Ivane Merabichvili, known as Vano Merabichvili, born April 15, 1968 in Oude, is a Georgian politician, Prime Minister from July 4 to October 25, 2012.
Destelbergen is a Dutch-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Flemish Region, in East Flanders. The town has more than 17,500 inhabitants. This residential municipality is located just east of Ghent. To the south is the sandy bed of the Scheldt.
The Lima region is a coastal region in central Peru. The province of Lima, called by the Peruvians Metropolitan Lima and which includes the city of Lima, capital of Peru, is landlocked to the west of the region but is not part of it.
Mary Anne with the Shaky Hand is a song by the British group The Who, which appeared on the third track of the album The Who Sell Out in 1967. There is another version available on Odds and Sods.
Ole Schröder, born August 27, 1971 in Hamburg, is a German politician who belongs to the Christian Democratic Union of Germany. He is currently Parliamentary State Secretary of the Federal Ministry of the Interior.
Saint-Louis-du-Ha! Ha! is a parish municipality in the regional county municipality of Témiscouata in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent.
Severstal Cherepovets is a professional Russian ice hockey club based in Cherepovets. He plays in the KHL.
The Memphis Grizzlies are an NBA basketball franchise.
Manuela Carmena, born February 9, 1944 in Madrid, is a Spanish magistrate and politician. After a career as a lawyer and then as a judge, which notably led her to be a member of the General Council of the Judiciary from 1996 to 2001, she was mayor of Madrid from 2015 to 2019.
Kelsey Grammer is an American actor, producer, screenwriter, comedian and director.
Mont-Saint-Michel is a municipality that is part of the regional county municipality of Antoine-Labelle in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Laurentides. Its name is reminiscent of Le Mont-Saint-Michel.The village is mainly built west of the Rivière du Lièvre, 15 km northeast of that of Ferme-Neuve, but a large part of its population is made up of vacationers. installed around Lac Gravel.
Terre Haute is a city in Indiana, United States, seat of Vigo County. It had 60,785 inhabitants in the 2010 census.
Alfonso II Bérenger, born around 1180, died in Palermo in February 1209, was count of Provence from 1196 to 1209. He was the son of Alfonso II, king of Aragon, count of Barcelona, ​​Roussillon and Provence, and Sancie de Castille.His reign was marked by the struggle between him and the Count of Forcalquier, William IV, whose granddaughter and heiress, Garsende de Sabran, he had married.
Shania Twain Portal Shania Twain Portal Country Music Portal Country Music Portal Music Portal Music Portal • Song section
Wasted Years is the fourteenth single from British heavy metal band Iron Maiden and the first from the 1986 album Somewhere in Time. It is the first single written by guitarist Adrian Smith alone. The record reached eighteenth place in the UK charts. This is the only song on the Somewhere in Time album on which there is no synthesizer.
How Come is a song by the American rap group D12, taken from the album D12 World released in 2004. Produced by Eminem, it is the second single from this album, the second from the group. The song is distributed by Interscope Records and Shady Records, a label founded by Eminem and Paul Rosenberg. The song was a big hit, including placing fourth in Australia, Ireland and the UK.
Pittsburgh is the second largest city in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, United States. The city is also the seat of the county of Allegheny and was for a long time a hot spot of the world steel industry and the railroads. At the time of the 2010 census, it had 305,704 inhabitants, and the agglomeration 2,356,285 inhabitants, i.e. 27th place in the United States. The city is located on the Allegheny plateau at the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers which meet to form Ohio.
Dreamville Records is an American hip-hop record label, located in the Queens neighborhood of New York. It was founded in 2007 by rapper J. Cole and Ibrahim "Ib" Hamad. The label is affiliated with Interscope Records. Dreamville also has its own producers Elite, K-Quick, Ron Gilmore, and Cedric Brown.
Billion Dollar Babies was Alice Cooper Group's sixth studio album released on February 27, 1973. The album became an Alice Cooper bestseller around this time when it was released, which was number one in the UK and US charts, and was certified platinum by the RIAA.
Soyuz TMA-11M is a space mission whose launch took place on November 7, 2013 from the Baikonour Cosmodrome. It transported three members of Expedition 38 to the International Space Station. This is the 121st flight of a Soyuz spacecraft since the first in 1967.
STS-69 is the ninth mission of Space Shuttle Endeavor.
My Life Would Suck Without You is a song performed by American singer Kelly Clarkson, and the first single from her 4th album, All I Ever Wanted, released in 2009. The track was co-written by the singer, assisted by Dr. Luke or Max Martin, co-composers of the worldwide hits Since U Been Gone and Behind These Hazel Eyes.
Siouxsie Sioux, real name Susan Janet Ballion, born May 27, 1957 in Chislehurst, is a British singer known for co-founding rock groups Siouxsie and the Banshees and The Creatures. She also sang with other artists like Morrissey or John Cale. Since 2004, she officiates solo.
Pigs is a song by Pink Floyd, written by Roger Waters. It was released on the Animals album on January 21, 1977 in the UK and February 12 in the US.
Valletta, in Maltese Il-Belt Valletta or more simply Valletta, distinguished by the title of Città Umilissima, is the capital of the Republic of Malta.Located on the northeast coast of the island of Malta, populated by about 6 600 inhabitants, the Beltins, it is the place of a local council included in the Nofsinhar region. Valletta was built from 1566 by the will of the great masters of the Hospitaller Order of Saint John of Jerusalem, masters of the archipelago from 1530 to 1798.
Meadow Lane Stadium or simply Meadow Lane is an English football stadium located in the city of Nottingham, capital of Nottinghamshire in England.
Serbia and Montenegro is a former state in Southern Europe established on February 4, 2003 in place of the former Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and existing until June 5, 2006, when Montenegro proclaimed independence, the Serbian parliament recognized Serbia as the legal continuator of the statehood of Serbia and Montenegro.
Otto of Brunswick was born in 1175/1176, probably in Brunswick, Saxony, and died at the imperial castle of Harzburg on May 19, 1218. He was elected king of the Romans in 1198 and crowned sovereign of the Holy Empire by Pope Innocent III in 1209.
José Mário Vaz, born December 10, 1957 in Cacheu, is a Bissau-Guinean statesman, President of the Republic of Guinea-Bissau. Prior to the 2012 coup, José Mário Vaz served as President Malam Bacai Sanha's finance minister, winning 40.9% of the vote in the first round of the presidential election on April 13, 2014.
Stefan Mappus, born April 4, 1966 in Pforzheim, is a German politician member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany, of which he chaired the federation in Baden-Württemberg. Elected deputy of the Landtag of Baden-Württemberg for the first time once in 1996, he became Secretary of State of the Regional Ministry of the Environment two years later, then was chosen in 2004 by Erwin Teufel to take the lead.
Douanne-Daucher, called Twann-Tüscherz in German, is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Bern, located in the administrative district of Biel on the shores of Lake Biel.
SummerSlam 2008 was the twenty-first SummerSlam, World Wrestling Entertainment wrestling pay-per-view and took place on August 17, 2008 at the Conseco Fieldhouse in Indianapolis, Indiana The official music for the PPV is Ready To Roll of Jet Black Stare.The Intergender Tag Team match received the name Adamle Original in reference to the general manager of RAW, known for his blunders.
Gemini is a constellation of the zodiac crossed by the Sun from June 21 to July 20. In the order of the zodiac, the constellation is located between Taurus in the west and Cancer in the east.
Season_2_d'Urgences is TV series Emergencies
Burning Bridges is a song by Pink Floyd, featured on the album Obscured by Clouds, premiered and recorded at Chateau d'Hérouville, France, in 1972. The song was written by Roger Waters and composed by Richard Wright, and is sung by David Gilmour and Richard Wright.
Will You Be There is a song by Michael Jackson as well as the eponymous single that appeared in 1993. The single is from the album Dangerous, Will You Be There is the 8th single from the album Dangerous. This song appeared in the end credits of the movie Save Willy.
Got 2 Luv U released September 15, 2011 is a song by Sean Paul, in collaboration with singer Alexis Jordan.
The State is the 2nd album by Canadian group Nickelback, released in 2000.
I Miss You is a album
ŠKODA Auto, usually referred to as ŠKODA, is a Czech automobile manufacturer founded in 1895 under the name Laurin & Klement and belonging since 1991 to the German group Volkswagen AG. If the ŠKODA industrial group has existed since 1869, the automobile division does not appear until 50 years later, and it will be necessary to wait until 1926 to see the name of the brand on a production car.
Lanzarote, formerly called Lancerotte in French, is an island in Spain located in the Atlantic Ocean and part of the Canary Islands. Administratively, the island is part of the province of Las Palmas in the autonomous community of the Canary Islands. Populated by 142,517 inhabitants, its capital is Arrecife.
Subterranean Homesick Blues is a song by Bob Dylan, released in March 1965 on the album Bringing It All Back Home, then as a single.
Marie-Thérèse de Braganza, born August 24, 1855 and died February 12, 1944, is the daughter of Michael I of Portugal and Adelaide of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rosenberg.
Sirnach is a municipality in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland. It is the largest municipality in the district of Münchwilen by population.
Here is a list of the mayors of the city of Los Angeles. ± Died in office in 1860 Los Angeles Portal Los Angeles Portal Politics Portal Politics Portal
“Clarinet: instrument of torture used by a person who has cotton in the ears. There are two instruments that are worse than a clarinet - two clarinets. "
Krasnoyarsk Krai is a Russian federal subject. It is the second largest region in Russia, with an area of ​​2,366,797 km2, or 13% of the country's total area. The administrative center is Krasnoyarsk. The Krai lies right in the middle of Siberia, stretching 3,000 km from north to south.
Otis is Jay-Z and Kanye West's second single, taken from their joint album Watch the Throne.
Bassins is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Nyon.
Sainte-Françoise is a Municipality of Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Bécancour and the administrative region of Center-du-Quebec.
A is Ayumi Hamasaki's 10th single released under the Avex Trax label in 1999, or her 11th single overall including Nothing from Nothing attributed to Ayumi in 1995.
Elisse B. Walter, born April 14, 1950 in New York City, is a senior American Democratic civil servant, having primarily held regulatory roles in the administration and chair of oversight and regulatory bodies. She was appointed on December 14, 2012 in President Barack Obama's second administration as President of the Securities and Exchange Commission. She was the administrator since 2008, where she worked since 1977.
Martinique, also nicknamed "the island of flowers", is an island in the Lesser Antilles that is both an overseas region, an overseas department, a European outermost region located in the Caribbean and a French department in America.
Antalya is a large tourist city in southern Turkey in the prefecture of the province of the same name. It has an international airport, Antalya Airport. Antalya is today the tourist capital of the Turkish Mediterranean coast, nicknamed the "Turkish Riviera"; it can even be considered one of the busiest seaside resorts in the world.
Southampton is a city located in the southeast of Suffolk County, on Long Island, New York State, United States.
Sudden Death is a song by Megadeth written and composed by Dave Mustaine. The song was written especially for the Guitar Hero: Warriors of Rock game and appears on the Th1rt3en album. The track was released as a single on September 28, 2010 in North America and aired September 24 on iTunes, and is the first recording with David Ellefson on bass, who returned to the band in early 2010.
Laconia is a historic region of Greece, located in the extreme south-eastern part of the Peloponnese peninsula. Nowadays, Laconia is a regional district on the outskirts of the Peloponnese with 94,916 inhabitants, between Messenia and Arcadia, whose capital is Sparta.It is a long valley, surrounded by mountains on three of its sides, and leading to the sea by the last.
Vladimir Alexandrovich Djanibekov is a Soviet cosmonaut, born May 13, 1942.
Allen Sarven or Al Snow is an American wrestler.
Sainte-Séraphine is a Canadian parish municipality in Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Arthabaska and the administrative region of Center-du-Quebec.
Saint-Pierre-de-Lamy is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Témiscouata in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent. About a hundred inhabitants currently reside in this municipality.
Nottingham is a city located in the East Midlands of England. It was originally referred to as Snotingeham. The Leen and the Trent Rivers, which flow from Stoke-on-Trent into the Humber, flow through the town. While the city of Nottingham has a long history, its population is relatively small with just 308,700 residents. The metropolitan area of ​​Nottingham, on the other hand, has a population of 729,977.
Chesalles-sur-Moudon is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Broye-Vully. It is part of the district of Moudon between 1803 and 2007. The town was populated by 154 inhabitants in 2013.
The Nova Scotia Liberal Party is a political party in the province of Nova Scotia, Canada.
Chris Hillman, born December 4, 1944 in Los Angeles, is an American singer, guitarist and songwriter. A pioneer of bluegrass and folk rock, he is considered one of the creators of country rock.
Alfred Spiro Moisiu was President of the Republic of Albania from July 24, 2002 to July 23, 2007.
Balearic beat, or Balearic house, is an eclectic mix of dance music that initially emerged in the mid-1980s. It later became the name of a style of electronic music that was popular in the mid-1990s.
Drive is a track from the American alternative rock group Incubus, second single from their third album Make Yourself. It's a peaceful ballad like the group had never done before, guitarist Mike Einziger completely abandoning his violent and saturated playing for a simple acoustic "Ibanez".
Penelope Anne Wensley AC, born October 18, 1946 in Toowoomba, Queensland, is the 25th Governor of Queensland and a former Australian diplomat.
Nobody Home is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd that appeared on their 1979 album The Wall.
Corbeyrier is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Aigle.
The Moldovan Football Championship was established in 1992.
Jonathan Hopkin Hill, CBE, PC, also known as Baron Hill of Oareford, is a British Conservative Party politician who continued his secondary education at Highgate School, north London, and studied history at Trinity College of the University of Cambridge where he was appointed MA
John Pombe Magufuli, born October 29, 1959 and died March 17, 2021, is a Tanzanian statesman. Several times Minister, he was President of the Republic from November 5, 2015 until his death, a few months after his re-election for a second term.
Queen Silvia of Sweden, born Silvia Renate Sommerlath on December 23, 1943 in Heidelberg, Germany, is the current Queen Consort of Sweden. She is the wife of King Charles XVI Gustav and the mother of the heir to the throne, Princess Victoria.
Fell on Black Days is a song by rock band Soundgarden. This is the 3rd track from their 1994 album Superunknown. It was released as a single in many different versions, with different b-sides. After the attacks of September 11, 2001, Clear Channel added the song to the list of songs unsuitable for radio broadcast. Rock Portal Rock Portal Music portal Music portal • Song section
Cairo is the capital and the largest city of Egypt. Its population is more than sixteen million inhabitants, which makes it the largest city in Africa and the Middle East as well as the tenth largest megalopolis in the world, counting the total population of the urban area.
Ferreyres is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
LA Reid, born Antonio M. Reid on June 7, 1956 in Cincinnati, Ohio, is an American music producer. He is known as the founder, in 1989, of the LaFace Records label with his friend Babyface.
The first secretary of the Socialist Party is the main leader of the French Socialist Party, founded in 1969. The current holder of the post is Jean-Christophe Cambadélis.
The Sports Association of El Khroub is an Algerian football club founded on April 13, 1927.
Albert of Mecklenburg born January 1, 1340 and died March 31, 1412 was a Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin who became King of Sweden from 1363 to 1389
Seven sovereigns reign over the Kingdom of Greece between 1832 and 1973, with an interlude between 1924 and 1935. The first bears the title of King of Greece from 1832 to 1862. His successors bear that of King of the Hellenes from 1863 to 1973 .
Ros Casares Valence is a former Spanish women's basketball club based in the city of Valencia, founded in 1996 as a follow-up to Dorna Godella and disappeared in 2012. It is one of the most successful clubs of the years. 2000 at national and European level. At the time of its dissolution, the club had just seized its first European crown and won the Spanish championship.
Shallow Life is the fifth album of the group Lacuna Coil released in 2009. As of May 2009, the album has already sold 50,000 copies and was directly ranked 16th in the United States, a week after its release. January 2010 was released Shallow Life, containing a second CD with the 3 bonuses of the album including an unreleased track, acoustic and live tracks and a slightly different cover accompanied by a new libretto.
Direct descendant of Riourik by the line of Yaroslav II of Vladimir, Vassili Ivanovich Chouisky became Tsar of Russia on May 29, 1606.
The Directory is a directorial-type French political regime in place during the First Republic, from October 26, 1795 to November 9, 1799.
Paul Davis, born June 17, 1961, is a Canadian politician and member of the Progressive Conservative Party. He was Premier of Newfoundland and Labrador from 2014 to 2015.
Zewditou Ire, born in 1876 and died in 1930, was queen of the kings of Ethiopia from 1916 to 1930. She is one of the only women to have reigned over the Ethiopian Empire and one of the few women at the head of a state at the beginning of the twentieth century.
The British rugby union team, the British Lions, is the team which represented Great Britain in the main international rugby union competitions, consisting of players from England, Welsh and Scotland. During the 90s the team extended their selection to include Northern Irish players, effectively representing the whole of the United Kingdom.
Gaborone is the capital of Botswana. Its inhabitants are the Gaboronais. It is located in south-eastern Botswana, near the Notwani River, just 15 km from the South African border.
The House of Württemberg is a European royal family and a German dynasty ruling in Württemberg, and according to the latest research, this house actually has origins in the entourage of the Imperial Salian House. The Luxembourg origin, long assumed, is on the contrary rather improbable.
a ehzade Cihangir ed was the sixth è me and last n e Roxelana and Suleiman the Magnifique.De his birth, he had a lot of problems è my sant é and ad ed velopp e a d e training. He studied well and was considered one of the ablest of his frères.Il died of sorrow the news of the execution of his brother a ehzade Mustapha by its p è re Sultan Suleiman.
Serge Azati Sargsian, born June 30, 1954 in Stepanakert, then in the Azerbaijani SSR, is the third and current president of the Republic of Armenia since April 9, 2008. He wins the presidential election of 2008 as well as that of 2013 with the support of the Republican Party of Armenia, which he has led since November 2007.
Baudouin V of Flanders said the Pious or of Lille is count of Flanders from 1035 to 1067. He is the son of Baudouin IV of Flanders and Ogive of Luxembourg. Married to Adèle of France, daughter of King Robert II of France, he is therefore brother-in-law of Henri I of France.
Sainte-Marie-de-Blandford is a municipality of Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of Bécancour and in the Center-du-Quebec region.
Fantastic is Ami Suzuki's sixth single released under the Avex Trax label, and his 21st overall counting the twelve released on Sony Music, two self-produced and one special.
Christianity is a religion founded on the teaching, the person, and the life of Jesus of Nazareth whom he considers to be the Messiah - or Christ - announced by the Bible. Christianity is a religion of salvation, Christ comes to save the humanity of Evil and make it participate in the life of God. Christianity presents God as Love; it is out of love that God wants to make humanity participate in his happiness, which is to love.
The American-Mexican War pitted the United States against Mexico. It was triggered when the United States Congress voted to annex Texas in 1845, and in the United States it is more commonly referred to as The Mexican War. Occasionally, contemporary critics have ironically dubbed it Mr. Polk's War.
Diva house is a Chicago-created House music subgenre which is most popular in gay clubs. It is recognizable by women's vocals, usually from samples of other recordings.The samples are directly inspired by the 1970s, particularly soul and disco musical genres, gospel recordings and even tunes sung by people like Bette. Midler and other gay icons.
The Detroit Pistons are an NBA basketball franchise based in Detroit, Michigan.
Dubrovnik-Neretva County is a county in Croatia. It is the most southerly county in the country. The county is separated into two regions at the level of the town of Neum. Its total area is 1,782 km2 and its population, according to the 2011 census, of 122,568 inhabitants. Its average altitude is 51 meters.
Front Al-Nosra, also known as Jabhat al-Nosra or Nosra, is a jihadist group of armed rebels affiliated with Al-Qaeda, which emerged in the context of the Syrian civil war. From November 2013, he also took the name of al-Qaeda Bilad ash-Sham "al-Qaeda in the Levant". It is headed by Abu Mohammad Al-Joulani.
Fouad Douiri, born November 4, 1960 in Fez, is a Moroccan engineer and politician who was the president of RMA Watanya between 2008 and 2011. On January 3, 2012, he was appointed Minister of Energy, Mines, 'Water and Environment in the Benkirane government.
Vassili Grigorievith Lazarev is a Soviet cosmonaut, born February 23, 1928 in Porochino, a village in Altai, and died December 31, 1990.
Left Behind is a song by the metal band Slipknot. The song is released as a single from their second album Iowa.
Leonid Alexandrovich Kojara, born January 14, 1963 in Poltava, is a Ukrainian diplomat and politician.
Over the Hills and Far Away is a song by British hard rock band Led Zeppelin released as a single with opposite B Dancing Days, and on the Houses Of The Holy album released in 1973.The song can be divided into two parts: the first acoustic where the song of Plant is very soft, the second electric, almost hard rock, where the song is much more powerful.
Pitchfork Media, or commonly Pitchfork, is an English-language music magazine based in Chicago, Illinois, United States. It has been published daily on the Internet since 1995 and specializes in independent music criticism, mainly rock, but also to a lesser extent folk, metal, electro and hip-hop.
Gijsbert van Tienhoven, born February 12, 1841 in De Werken and died October 10, 1914 in Bentveld, is a Dutch politician from the second half of the 19th century. With a liberal signature, he did not lose sight of the social aspect of things. Gijsbert van Tienhoven was born in the village of De Werken in the former municipality of De Werken en Sleeuwijk in North Brabant. From 1880 to 1891 Van Tienhoven was mayor of Amsterdam.
The Nameless is a song by heavy metal band Slipknot. This is the only single from their debut live album, 9.0: Live, and a song featured on their third studio album Vol. 3:. A video clip of the title was uploaded at the end of 2005, and ranked number 2 on the Rock Top 10 list of the MTV channel.
So into You is Kumi Kōda's 4th single released under the Rhythm Zone label on March 13, 2002 in Japan. He reached 50th place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 3,910 copies in the first week, and remained ranked for 2 weeks, for a total of 5,800 copies sold. So into You can be found on the Affection album and on the Best: First Things compilation.
Chester is a city in Pennsylvania, located southwest of Philadelphia. In this city we find the private Widener University.
Bugs Bunny is an American cartoon character, created in 1938 by Leon Schlesinger Productions, and later Warner Bros. Cartoons. Bugs is an anthropomorphic gray hare or rabbit known for its prankster character.
Ali Benflis is an Algerian politician, born September 8, 1944 in Batna.
Ahmet I is the 14th Ottoman Sultan who reigned from December 22, 1603 to November 22, 1617.
Avignon is a town in the south of France, located in the Vaucluse in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, and installed on the left bank of the Rhône which marks the limit with the Gard and the Languedoc-Roussillon region. South of Avignon, it is the Durance that separates the city from the Bouches-du-Rhône. Of the 90,194 inhabitants of the town on January 1, 2011, around 15,000 remained within the city walls.
Lovely Rita is a song by the British band The Beatles. It was written entirely by Paul McCartney, but credited to Lennon / McCartney. She appears on the album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band released in 1967.
Canobbio is a municipality in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland, located in the district of Lugano.
Grobbendonk is a Dutch-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Flemish Region in the province of Antwerp.
The Comoros archipelago forms a group of islands located in the south-east of Africa, in the east of Mozambique and in the north-west of Madagascar. They are shared between two independent countries, the Union of the Comoros to the west, and the French Republic, of which the overseas department of Mayotte forms the easternmost part. This French presence in the Comoros has been condemned on several occasions by the international community.
Collina d'Oro is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Ticino, located in the district of Lugano.It merged on April 1, 2012 with the municipality of Carabietta.
Zentani Mohammed az-Zentani is a Libyan politician born in 1944. He was de jure the head of state of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya from 1992 to 2008.
In My Life is a Beatles song, composed by John Lennon with assistance from Paul McCartney, and released on the Rubber Soul album on December 3, 1965. It was ranked 23rd in the 500 Greatest Songs list released by the Rolling Stone magazine in 2003.
Jealousy is a song by Freddie Mercury recorded by the British group Queen. From their Jazz album, it was released as a single in April 1979 in only a few countries: Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, Russia and the United States. It was not classified, however, and was not as successful as hoped.
Antoinette Roberte Sophie Wilhemine de Nassau-Weilburg, Princess of Luxembourg then Princess Royal of Bavaria, born October 7, 1899 at Hohenbourg Castle, died July 31, 1954 in Lenzerheide, Switzerland, fourth of six daughters of Grand Duke William IV of Luxembourg and Marie-Anne de Braganza, she is nicknamed "Toni" by her family.
Sovereign Light Café is a song by British rock band Keane. This is the third single from the Strangeland album and was released on July 23, 2012.
The South African Professional Football Championship, named the Premier Soccer League, was established in 1996 in its present form.
Spoonman is a song by the grunge band Soundgarden. This is the 8th track on the Superunknown album, and the first single released, Spoonman is without a doubt one of the band's must-have tracks.
Zug is a Swiss city, capital of the canton of Zug.
It's a Hard Life is a song written by Freddie Mercury and recorded by the band Queen. It was released on July 16, 1984 and is taken from the album The Works.
Shot Me Down is a song by French house music producer and disc jockey, David Guetta, starring American singer-songwriter Skylar Gray. It is produced by David Guetta and Giorgio Tuinfort, with additional production provided by Ralph Wegner and was unveiled on February 3, 2014 in digital format on all French legal download platforms.
The Ta'Qali Stadium is the national stadium of the Republic of Malta. Major local football and music events are hosted there, with a capacity of 17,500 seats. Which makes it a small stadium for international standards but an important and very modern stadium bringing it back to Malta.
Sétif is a commune in Algeria, capital of the Wilaya of Sétif, located in the Algerian Highlands in the northeast of the country.
Spyros Kyprianoú is a Cypriot politician. He studied law and economics in London. While living in London he worked for a Cypriot organization which informed the British public of the situation in Cyprus, this was particularly the case from 1955. Because of this activity, Kyprianou was expelled from Great Britain.
Delta Air Lines is an American airline headquartered in Atlanta, operating on scheduled flights in the United States and around the world, having merged since October 29, 2008 with Northwest Airlines, this company which will continue to be called Delta and to retaining its headquarters in Atlanta, has become the world's leading company, with 75,000 employees, serving 375 destinations in 66 countries.
Deran Sarafian is an American director, actor, producer and screenwriter, born January 17, 1958 in Los Angeles.
Les Dragons Catalans are a French rugby union franchise based in Perpignan and currently chaired by Bernard Guasch.
Sainte-Aurélie is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Etchemins in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches. It is named in homage to Sister Sainte-Aurélie, Superior of the Ursulines at the end of the 19th century.
Charles Aznavour, born Chahnour Vaghinag Aznavourian on May 22, 1924 in Paris, is a French singer-songwriter, actor, writer and diplomat. He obtained Armenian nationality in December 2008, upon his appointment as Ambassador of Armenia, During his seventy-year career, Charles Aznavour composed more than one thousand two hundred songs, sung in seven different languages. .
Manea M ă nescu is a Romanian politician. He joined the Romanian Communist Party in 1944. He was Minister of Finance of Communist Romania from 1955 to 1957 then Prime Minister from 1974 to 1979, during the time of Nicolae Ceau ș escu. of Romania Portal of Romania Portal of Communism Portal of Communism
Bursins is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Nyon.
STS-27 is the third Space Shuttle Atlantis mission carried out in 1988, it is the second mission of an American space shuttle since the Challenger disaster in 1986.
Isabelle of Taranto, born around 1424 in Taranto and died March 30, 1465 in Naples, is an Italian nobleman, princess of Taranto in her own right and queen consort of Naples through her marriage to King Ferdinand I.
Helen Zille is a South African journalist and politician, responsible for education of the Western Cape Province from 1999 to 2004, Member of Parliament from 2004 to 2006, Mayor of the Municipality of Cape Town from March 15, 2006 to April 29, 2009 , leader of the Democratic Alliance since May 6, 2007 and Prime Minister of the Western Cape Province since May 6, 2009.
Lac-Cabasta is an unorganized territory that is part of the regional county municipality of Matawinie in Quebec, which is part of the administrative region of Lanaudière.
Icelandic is a North Germanic language spoken in Iceland, the state of which it is the official language.
Embassy-Hill is a former Formula 1 team, which competed in the World Championship between 1973 and 1975. The team played 38 GP and scored a total of 4 points. The team's best race result is a 5th place obtained by Alan Jones at the German GP at the Nürburgring 1975.
The Tula oblast is a federal subject of Russia. Its administrative capital is the city of Toula. It covers an area of ​​25,700 km2 for a population of 1,675,758 inhabitants.
Gerry Adams, born October 6, 1948 in Belfast, was a Catholic Northern Irish political leader and elected representative of West Belfast in the British Parliament until January 2011, then, as of February 2011, Member of the Dáil éireann. At the head of the North Irish Republican Catholic political party Sinn Féin, considered the political showcase of the provisional IRA, he militates against British sovereignty in Ulster.
The Lynx is a constellation in the northern hemisphere located to the south and west of the Big Dipper. Despite its large size, it contains only a few bright stars because it cuts a section of the sky opposite the center of the Way milky, in a direction well above the celestial equator.
Livingston FC is a Scottish football club, founded in its present form in 1974, playing for the Scottish Football League Third Division, and based in Livingston.
Gausel Station is a train station on the Jær line located in Stavanger, in the Gausel district.
The Awami National Party is a secular, left-wing Pakistani political party. He supports Pakistan's Pashtun minorities, and finds his constituents mainly in the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. Founded in 1986, it is chaired by Asfandyar Wali Khan, and its vice-chairman is Haji Muhammad Adeel. A small party, he notably headed from 2008 to 2013 the executive of the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
Northern Savonia is the name of a region in eastern Finland. Its capital is Kuopio.The region is the 6th most populous region in the country and it is ranked 5th in terms of area.
The Accra Sports Stadium is a football stadium located in Accra, Ghana. Its capacity is 40,000 places.
William the Conqueror, also called William the Bastard, William II of Normandy and finally William I of England, born in Falaise around 1027 and died in Rouen on September 9, 1087, was Duke of Normandy from 1035 to his death and King of England from 1066 until his death in 1087. Illegitimate son of Robert the Magnificent and Arlette de Falaise, a “frilla”, Guillaume became Duke of Normandy around the age of 8, following the death of his father.
Fly from the Inside is the first single from the group Shinedown released in 2003.
Gabriel Slaughter is the seventh governor of Kentucky. He is the first governor to succeed his predecessor who died during his mandate. His family emigrated from Virginia to Kentucky as a child. He became a member of the Kentucky militia serving regularly throughout his political career.
The Democratic Left is a left and center-left Greek political party.
The Altar is a constellation in the southern celestial hemisphere, between the Centaur and the Wolf. The Altar was one of the 48 constellations identified by Ptolemy.
Osogna is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Ticino, located in the Riviera district.
Mahmoud al-Montasser, born in 1903 in Libya and died in September 1970, is a Libyan politician, first Prime Minister of Libya from 1951 to 1954 and again from 1964 to 1965.
Here is the list of Prime Ministers of Kazakhstan since the creation of this post on October 14, 1991.
North Brabant or North Brabant is a province in the south of the Netherlands, bordering the Dutch provinces of Limburg, Gelderland, South Holland and Zeeland as well as the Belgian provinces Antwerp and Belgian Limburg, it has important cities such as 'S-Hertogenbosch its capital, Eindhoven, Tilburg, Bréda, Oss, Helmond, Waalwijk, Oosterhout, Berg-op-Zoom and Roosendaal. All these cities have had an important role in the development of Dutch industry and are thus in the association of municipalities Brabantse Stedenrij comparable to Randstad or that of the Ruhr in Germany.
North America is a subcontinent of America, surrounded by the Pacific Ocean to the west, the Arctic Ocean to the north, and the Atlantic Ocean to the east. Central America, the southernmost part of North America, in the shape of an isthmus, connects it to South America on the southeast. The Caribbean, a region sometimes included in North America, is also to the southeast.
Ai no Tame ni. is the 7esingle by Aya Ueto, released on the Pony Canyon label on February 4, 2004 in Japan, produced by Tetsurō Oda. He reached 6th place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 31,006 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 15 weeks, for a total of 99,470 copies sold. It's his best-selling single to date, Ai no Tame ni. was used as the musical theme for the drama Ace wo Nerae !. Ai no Tame ni.
Guildford is a town in the south of England, in Surrey. It is the seat of the administrations of the District of Guildford and the former South East Administrative Region. Guildford is an old town, as evidenced by its 12th century castle and museums. Its district, of which it is the capital, has 137,183 inhabitants according to the 2011 census.
Ebenezer Rockwood Hoar, born February 21, 1816 and died January 31, 1895, is an American jurist who served as United States Attorney General from 1869 to 1870 in the Grant administration before becoming a representative for the 7th Congressional District of Massachusetts in 1873 to 1875.
Jean-Pierre Fourcade, born October 18, 1929 in Marmande, is a French political figure and member of the Union pour un Mouvement populaire.
Bring the Boys Back Home is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd that appeared on the album The Wall, released in 1979.
Soyuz TMA-04M is a space mission whose launch took place on May 15, 2012 from the Baikonour Cosmodrome. It transports three members of Expedition 31 to the International Space Station. This is the 113th flight of a Soyuz spacecraft since the first in 1967.
Memorial Address is Ayumi Hamasaki's first mini album released under the Avex Trax label, between her 5th and 6th original albums.
Christoph Gudermann is a German mathematician, pupil of Gauss and teacher of Weierstrass.
The Sports Renaissance of Berkane, more commonly abbreviated as RSB, is a Moroccan football club founded in 1938 and based in the city of Berkane, capital of Béni-Snassen.
General Francisco Higino Craveiro Lopes is a Portuguese politician and soldier, 12th President of the Portuguese Republic from 1951 to 1958.
Daybreak is Ayumi Hamasaki's 25th original single released under the Avex Trax label, excluding re-releases, remixes, and her very first single released under another label.
Sainte Cunégonde, born around 975 in Wettenberg and died on March 3, 1033 in Kaufungen, queen consort of Germania, duchess consort of Bavaria then empress consort of the Holy Empire, is the wife of Emperor Henry II known as the Saint or the Lame , with which she co-reigns.
József Antall is a Hungarian politician, teacher, librarian and historian. He was the first democratically elected Hungarian Prime Minister from 23 May 1990 until his death on 12 December 1993. He was the leader of the Hungarian Democratic Forum from 1989 to 1993.
Prix_de_la_Banque_de_Suède_en_économique_en_mémoire_d'Alfred_Nobel The Bank of Sweden Prize in Economics in Memory of Alfred Nobel, usually called the “Nobel Prize in Economics”, rewards one or more people each year for their exceptional contribution in the field of economics.
"Wilmington is a city in the northeastern United States, the largest city in the state of Delaware.
Tom Jefferson Terral, born December 21, 1851 in Union County and died June 2, 1929 in Prescott, is an American Democratic politician. He was Governor of Arkansas from 1921 to 1925.
Alicia Keys, born Alicia Augello-Cook on January 25, 1981 in Harlem, is an American pianist, singer, singer-songwriter, actress and producer who grew up in Hell's Kitchen, in the Manhattan neighborhood of New York, and receives, from the age of 7, a classical music training.
Counties Manukau Rugby Football Union is the rugby union federation for the Franklin District of New Zealand. It grew out of a split from the Auckland Rugby Football Union. Its pennant team, the Counties Manukau Steelers, competed in the NPC Provincial Championship, known as the Air New Zealand Cup in 2006. It plays at Mount Smart Stadium. Traditionally, it is the club of the Māori or Polynesians. Its players are eligible to play the Super 15 with the Chiefs.
Tibetans are a native people of Tibet, the total Tibetan population is approximately 6.6 million, living primarily in the People's Republic of China, where Tibetans are one of 56 officially recognized ethnic groups.
Bromont is a city located in the MRC of Brome-Missisquoi, in the administrative region of Montérégie, Quebec, Canada.
Serie A is the highest level of professional ice hockey in Italy. The league began its activities in 1924. Under the authority of the Federazione Italiana Sport del Ghiaccio, the league awards the Scudetto to the champion team, like what is done in Serie A football. The league is sponsored by Reebok; incidentally, the league cup is called the Rbk Hockey Cup.
Alex Kurtzman is an American producer, director and screenwriter born September 7, 1973 in Los Angeles. He often works in collaboration with Roberto Orci.
Walperswil is a municipality in the canton of Bern in Switzerland, located in the administrative district of Seeland.
Cool is a song by American artist Gwen Stefani from her debut studio album, Love. Angel. Music. Baby .. Written by Stefani and Dallas Austin, it is the fourth single from the album and appeared on American radios in July 2005. Austin is based on Simple Kind of Life by No Doubt but does not end the song. He then offers to help Stefani and finish the song in fifteen minutes. The musical style of the track is inspired by pop and new wave of the 80s.
Gérard Laumon is a French mathematician. A former student of the école normale supérieure, he studied at the University of Orsay, where he completed his thesis in 1983 under the supervision of Luc Illusie.
Štefan Füle, born in Sokolov on May 24, 1962, is a Czech diplomat, currently European Commissioner for Enlargement and European Neighborhood Policy.
Plattsburgh is a city in and county seat of Clinton County, New York, United States. The population was 19,989 at the 2010 census. The population of the unincorporated areas within the Town of Plattsburgh was 11,870 as of the 2010 census; making the population for the immediate Plattsburgh, New York Region 31,859 The city of Plattsburgh is located entirely within the original boundaries of the town of Plattsburgh and is in the North Country region of the northeastern part of the state.
Ottokar I Premysl, son of Vladislav II of Bohemia and Judith of Thuringia, is prince suzerain then king of Bohemia.
Inverness is the administrative center of the Highland council area, and was previously the capital of the county of Inverness-shire and the former Highland region. It is, more generally, the largest city and the center of attraction of the entire Highland region.
Untervaz is a municipality in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland, located in the Landquart district.
The Hashemite Kingdom of Hejaz was a state in West Asia located in the Hejaz on the Red Sea coast of the Arabian Peninsula.
Georges, lord of Kunstat and Poděbrady, born April 23, 1420 in Poděbrady and died March 22, 1471 in Prague, governor, regent then king of Bohemia is the first European sovereign to reject the Catholic faith, embracing the religion of Jan Hus whose characteristic sign was a chalice affixed to churches.
Against All Odds 2011 marks the seventh edition of the TNA Against All Odds wrestling pay-per-view. It is an event produced by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. The show took place on February 13, 2011 at TNA Impact! Universal Studios Florida area.
The franc, specified as the French franc when there may be ambiguity, is a former monetary unit of France, also used in Andorra and Monaco. Although a coin bearing the name of "franc", known as "franc à cheval" , existed from December 5, 1360, the French franc was only the single monetary unit of France between April 7, 1795 and December 31, 1998.
Stephen William Hawking, CBE, born January 8, 1942 in Oxford, is a British theoretical physicist and cosmologist. Stephen Hawking was Professor of Mathematics at Cambridge University from 1980 to 2009, Fellow of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge and Distinguished Fellow from the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics.
Princess Ingeborg of Denmark, Princess of Denmark, then of Sweden-Norway was born in Copenhagen on August 2, 1878 and died in Stockholm on March 11, 1958, she is the daughter of King Frederick VIII of Denmark and Queen Lovisa of Sweden.
The Parish of Pennfield is both a civil parish and a Canadian local service district in Charlotte County, located in southwestern New Brunswick. It has the oldest archaeological site in the province, discovered in 2011 and dating from the 10th millennium BC. J.-C ..
Live at the Brixton Academy, released in 1991, is the only live album released by American rock band Faith No More. It was recorded on April 28, 1990 in London. The last two tracks on the album are new songs, recorded in the studio. The same concert was also released on video in 1990 as You Fat Bastards - Faith No More, Live at the Brixton Academy.
Finland itself is the 3rd most populous region in Finland. Its capital is Turku. The name comes from the fact that the name Finland used to refer only to the region of this province.
Sarah Jane Brown, born Macaulay, born October 31, 1963 in Beaconsfield, Buckinghamshire, is the wife of the former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Gordon Brown, head of the British government from 2007 to 2010.
Charles Kong Djou, born August 9, 1970 in Los Angeles, is an American politician and member of the Republican Party.
Albany is a city in the United States of America, the capital of the state of New York and the capital of the homonymous county.
Kunming, pre-1920s Yunnanfu, is the capital of Yunnan Province, People's Republic of China. The prefecture-level city is located in the northern corner of Dian Lake. The prefecture has an area of ​​21,473 km2 and its population was 6.43 million inhabitants at the time of the 2010 census.
Augustus, born under the name of Caius Octavius ​​on September 23, 63 BC. AD in Rome, first called Octavian and then Octavian, bears the name of Imperator Caesar Divi Filius Augustus at his death on August 19, 14 AD. AD in Nola. He is the first Roman Emperor, from January 16 to 27 BC. AD to August 19, 14 AD. From an ancient and rich family of equestrian rank belonging to the plebeian people of the Octavii, he became the posthumous adoptive son of his maternal great-uncle Julius Caesar in 44 BC.
Life Starts Now is the third album by Canadian band Three Days Grace. This album naturally contains 12 tracks, and it was also released in a Japanese edition on October 21, 2009.
The Idrissids or Idrisids are a dynasty of Alid stock having reigned in Morocco between 789 and 985. They are commonly considered as the founders of the first Moroccan state. The dynasty owes its name to Idris I, great-grandson of Al-Hassan ibn Ali, who is recognized as imam by the Berber tribe of Awarbas.
Stupid Hoe is a song by Trinidadian-American hip-hop artist Nicki Minaj. It was released on December 20, 2011 as a second promotional single from her second studio album, Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded. It was produced by Diamond Kuts, credited as T. Dunham. The music video was directed by Hype Williams. This video also broke the record of views within 24 hours of its release.
Kostya Tszyu is a Russian naturalized Australian boxer born September 19, 1969 in Serov.
The New Mutants are a group of superheroes belonging to the Marvel Comics universe, the group is a spinoff of the X-Men franchise, a version of New Young Recruits, after the First Team went independent with X-Factor The 'New Mutants' were created by Chris Claremont and Bob McLeod, in their own series, from 1983 to 1991, where they became X-Force.
Saint-Flavien is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Lotbinière in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches. It is named in honor of Bishop Pierre-Flavien Turgeon.
Hobart is the capital and most populous city of the state of Tasmania, Australia. In 2010, it had 202,000 inhabitants.
Albert Nelson, known as Albert King, is an American guitarist, songwriter and singer born April 25, 1923 and died in Memphis, Tennessee on December 21, 1992. He is, along with BB King and Freddie King, one of the three kings of the guitar blues and he is also nicknamed The Velvet Bulldozer because of his imposing physique.
The City of Westminster is a district of the English Region of Greater London and a fully-fledged 'city' of 219,396 inhabitants according to the 2011 census. The motto of the City of Westminster is Custodi Civitatem Domine, which in Latin means: " Guard the city, Lord. ”The City of Westminster was extended in 1965 beyond its historic boundaries to include the former boroughs of St. Marylebone and Paddington.
Teenage Angst is a song by the rock band Placebo. This is the second track of the Placebo album. It was released as a single on September 16, 1996. With a resolutely punk rock sound, Placebo tackles here the theme, unavoidable for any teenage rock group, of the crisis of the adolescent who feels sorry for himself and tries to evacuate his frustration at the risk of his life.
Pavel Vladimirovich Vinogradov is a Russian cosmonaut, born August 31, 1953 in Magadan, in RSFS of Russia.
Stefan Antonov Sofiyanski is a Bulgarian politician, member of the Union of Free Democrats. He was Mayor of Sofia between 1995 and 2005, Prime Minister in 1997 and was a member of the Union of Democratic Forces.
Ignacy Jan Paderewski, or Ignace Paderewski, born November 18, 1860 in Kury ł ó wka in Podolia and died June 29, 1941 in New York, is a Polish pianist, composer, politician and diplomat.
Charles-Amédée de Savoie, Duc de Nemours, de Genevois and d'Aumale, Count de Gisors, Marquis de Saint-Sorlin and de Saint-Rambert, Peer of France, born in Paris on April 12, 1624 and died in Paris on July 30 1652, is a 17th century French aristocrat and soldier. Active during the Fronde, he was killed in a duel by his brother-in-law, the Duke of Beaufort on the Butte Saint-Roch.
Instant X is the twenty-first single from Mylène Farmer released on December 12, 1995. It is also the second single from her fourth studio album Anamorphosée.
Sound of Madness is the tenth single from the group Shinedown released in 2008.
Saint-Elzéar is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC de la Nouvelle-Beauce in the Chaudière-Appalaches region.
When I Paint My Masterpiece is a song by Bob Dylan. Recorded in March 1971, it was released in November of the same year on the compilation Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits Vol. 2.
Gilly is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Nyon, it is part of La Côte.
Yes is a song performed by the American electro hop duo LMFAO. It is the fourth single from the Party Rock album released in 2009. The song was written by Skyler Husten Gordy and Stefan Kendal Gordy.
Demetriu Ionescu, most often referred to as, Take or Tache Ionescu was a Romanian centrist journalist, writer, short story writer, lawyer, diplomat and politician. He is considered to represent the political ideas of the Romanian middle class at the end of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th century, to the point that they are nicknamed Takism.
Be Together, written BE TOGETHER, is Ami Suzuki's 7th single, released in 1999.
Aretha Louise Franklin, born March 25, 1942 in Memphis, Tennessee, is an American singer of gospel, soul-funk, rhythm and blues and jazz, nicknamed "The Queen of Soul" or "Lady Soul".
Rika Ishikawa is a Japanese idol, singer and actress, first with Hello! Project with the groups Morning Musume, Tanpopo, Country Musume, Vu-den, Ongaku Gatas, then with Hangry & Angry, Dream Morning Musume, ABCHO ...
Philadelphia Independence is an American professional women's soccer franchise based in the Philadelphia suburb of Chester, Pennsylvania. The club is co-owned and operated by Team Dynamics and LLC, represented by American David Halstead, and the team has been coached by Englishman Paul Riley since 2009. She has also participated in the Women's Professional Soccer Championship since 2010, and has played his matches at John A.
Glenn Anton "Doc" Rivers is a former American basketball player-turned-coach. He is currently the head coach of the Los Angeles Clippers.
The imperial order of Saint Andrew the Apostle the first named is a Russian honorary order founded on August 30, 1698 by Peter the Great.The first Russian order, both by its date of creation under the reign of Peter I, as by its place in the hierarchy of Russian orders, it has the particularity of being reserved for the most important figures of the State, both civilian and military.
Saint-Jean-de-Brébeuf is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Appalaches in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches.Its name recalls the memory of Jean de Brébeuf, born in Condé-sur-Vire in 1593, martyred by the Iroquois in Sainte-Marie-au-pays-des-Hurons near Midland, March 16, 1649.The 2006 census counted 392 inhabitants. Route 216 passes through this locality.
Eric XIV of Sweden, born December 13, 1533 at the royal palace in Stockholm and died February 26, 1577 at Örbyhus castle, was King of Sweden from 1560 until his deposition in 1568
The Seattle SuperSonics were an American NBA basketball franchise based in Seattle between 1967 and 2008.The franchise won only one NBA title in its history, in 1979 against the Washington Bullets, which makes it one of three City of Seattle franchises - Seattle Mariners in Major League Baseball and Seattle Seahawks in National Football League.
Soyuz TMA-2 took place between April and October 2003.
Jean Dorion is a nationalist activist and a Quebec sociologist.
Brothers of Italy - National Alliance, is an Italian political party born in December 2012 from a split of the People of Freedom. Its main leader is Ignazio La Russa, assisted by Giorgia Meloni and Guido Crosetto. He wants to be the ally of the People of Freedom if they continue to oppose the Monti agenda for Italy.
Guy Spitaels CMW is a French-speaking Belgian politician. He was president of the Socialist Party from 1981 to 1992.
Manuel Lujan, jr. is an American politician born May 12, 1928. He was Secretary of the Interior to George HW Bush.
Domino is a song by English singer Jessie J. It was released on August 29, 2011 in the United States as her second single. Domino was written by Claude Kelly, and Jessie J herself.
Södermanland, or Sudermanie in French, is a historic Swedish province located on the east coast, south of Stockholm. In Sweden, the name of the province is often abbreviated as Sörmland.
Mona Ingeborg Sahlin, née Andersson, is a Swedish politician born March 9, 1957 in Sollefteå. She was President of the Social Democratic Party from 2007 to 2011. Mona Sahlin was a Member of Parliament from 1982 to 1996 and since 2002.
The Marquesas Islands form one of the five archipelagos of French Polynesia. They were named by the Spaniard álvaro de Mendaña who approached them in 1595. He gave them this name in honor of his protector, the Viceroy of Peru, García Hurtado de Mendoza, Marquis of Cañete. Mendaña first visited Fatu Hiva then Tahuata before reaching the Solomon Islands.
The London Borough of Camden is a district of Greater London.
Brumunddal Station is a Norwegian railway station on the Dovre line. It is located in the center of the village of Brumunddal, in the territory of the municipality of Ringsaker, in the County of Hedmarken region Sørlandet. The station was opened in 1894 when the section between Hamar and Tretten was completed. Today the intercity and night trains stop there. The train station is 139.9 km from Oslo.
The Dixie Chicks are an American group that have explored various musical genres with success, particularly country, bluegrass, and pop. The group has three members, namely sisters Martie Maguire and Emily Robison, as well as lead singer Natalie Maines.
The European Green Party is a European political party created on February 22, 2004 in Rome. It is made up of 32 national environmental parties from 28 European states, including four that are not members of the European Union. It takes over from the European Federation of Green Parties. It is in fact a federation of European ecological parties benefiting from specific funding from the European Union.
Merry Christmas is a Christmas album and the fourth by American artist Mariah Carey. Released on Columbia Records on November 1, 1994, the album features covers of Christmas carols and a few original songs. Carey works with Walter Afanasieff and writes most of the original songs and produces covers of the Christmas classics.
Julio César Chávez is a Mexican boxer born July 12, 1962 in Ciudad Obregón. World champion in 3 different weight categories, he holds the record for the most fights for a world title. His invincibility lasted 89 fights.
Marie of Romania, born January 6, 1900 in Gotha, Germany and died June 22, 1961 in Chelsea in London in the United Kingdom, is a princess of Romania who became, by her marriage, queen of the Serbs, Croats and Slovenes from 1922 to 1929, then from Yugoslavia from 1929 to 1934.
Florian Philippot, born October 24, 1981 in Croix, is a politician and a former senior French official in the General Inspectorate of Administration. Vice-president of the National Front, he is one of the main advisers of Marine Le Pen, the president of this movement. A member of the FN since 2010, he was chosen as strategic director of the presidential campaign of Marine Le Pen in October 2011.
Moosleerau is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Aargau, located in the district of Zofingue. At the beginning of December 2014, the municipality made a name for itself in the press, after having evicted a family from their apartment to be able to welcome asylum seekers there. . The municipality must accommodate a family of refugees, but it does not have the infrastructure.
Old Montreal is a historic district of the city of Montreal located in the Ville-Marie borough.
The championship of Azerbaijan football also called Unibank Premyer Liqas ı has e t e cr éé in 1992.Il is composed ed 12 ed teams, with the last two rel e gu e s at the end of the season in second è me division.Avant 2007, the championship ed was call ed the Top League and become professional in bearing the name of Az ə rbaycan Premyer Liqas ı , sponsoris ed by Unibank Commercial Bank, one of the largest private banks edes of the country. The official name of this comp ed Posted therefore Unibank Premyer Liqas ı .
The Edge of Glory is a song by American singer Lady Gaga, from her third studio album Born This Way. Written and produced by Gaga, Fernando Garibay and DJ White Shadow, the song was released worldwide in digital format and mainstream radio play on May 9, 2011, and is the album's third single. The song contains several elements of the electro-rock and dance pop genres.
The County of Queens is one of the three counties of Prince Edward Island which is found in the central part of the island. The county is divided by the Hillsborough River Estuary, an arm of the sea that divides the county and the province.
Ferrari is an Italian automobile manufacturer based in Maranello, Italy. Founded by Enzo Ferrari in 1947, the brand is considered "the best car brand in all history" and arguably the most famous brand in the world.
Split-Dalmatia County is a county in Croatia covering the southern part of Dalmatia. The capital is Split, Croatia's second largest city in terms of population.
Vladimir Nikolaevich Dejourov is a Russian cosmonaut, born July 30, 1962.
The University of Hawaii is a university located in Hawaii, consisting of three campuses and seven community colleges.
Alina a tefania Gorghiu n e e September 16, 1978 in Romania, is a Romanian politician and member of the National Liberal Party. She has been a member of the Chamber of Deputies since 2008 and president of the PNL since 2014.
Jean-Baptiste édouard Goursat, born May 21, 1858 in Lanzac, died November 25, 1936 in Paris, is a French mathematician whose course of analysis has long been a school.
New York Liberty is a New York City women's basketball franchise, a member of the WNBA.
Paul Xuereb. He was the interim President of the Republic of Malta from February 15, 1987 to April 4, 1989.
The TMA-12 mission of the Soyuz program began on April 8, 2008. It transported two members of the Expedition 17 crew to the International Space Station and took the first South Korean into space. TMA-12 is the 99th flight of a Soyuz spacecraft since the first in 1967.
Bangalore or Bengaluru is a city in southern India and the capital of the state of Karnataka. It was built around a fort built in 1537.
Kirk Windstein is an American guitarist and singer of sludge metal with the bands, Crowbar.Windstein is the guitarist and vocalist of the band Crowbar, as well as the guitarist of the band Down. In February 2005 he formed with the leader of Hatebreed Jamey Jasta the group Kingdom of Sorrow. He is considered to be one of the fathers of sludge metal.
Aléxandros Korizís or Koryzís is a Greek banker, briefly Prime Minister of Greece in 1941. He committed suicide shortly before the entry of German troops into Athens.
Today is a single by American rock group The Smashing Pumpkins, taken from their second album Siamese Dream.
The Islamic State, also called Daesh, is a terrorist organization, military and political, of jihadist Salafist ideology having proclaimed on June 29, 2014 the establishment of a caliphate in the territories under its control.
Michelle is a Beatles song, written primarily by Paul McCartney but credited to Lennon / McCartney, and released on December 3, 1965 on the Rubber Soul album. In 1967, Michelle received the Grammy Award for Song of the Year, and was also featured on The Beatles 1962-1966 compilation.
Jacek Jan Piechota, born April 27, 1959 in Szczecin, is a Polish politician and member of the Alliance of the Democratic Left. He was Minister of the Economy between October 2001 and January 2003, and Minister of the Economy and Labor from March to October 2005.
Lawrence Joseph Mullen aka Larry Mullen Junior is the drummer for Irish rock band U2.
Kösem was the favorite of the Ottoman Sultan Ahmet I. Mother of Sultans Murad IV and Ibrahim I, she was one of the leading figures during the Sultanate of Women and became one of the most powerful women in Ottoman history. Kösem was of Greek descent, daughter of a priest from the island of Tinos.
Isabelle d'Orléans-Bragance, called in Portuguese Isabel de Orléans e Bragança e Dobrzensky de Dobrzenicz, born in Eu on August 13, 1911 and died in Paris on July 5, 2003, was the wife of the Orleanist pretender to the throne of France from 1940 to 1999 Henri d'Orléans. As such, she bore the courtesy title of "Countess of Paris".
Cromstrijen is a Dutch municipality in the province of South Holland. The municipality of Cromstrijen was created on January 1, 1984 by the merger of the municipalities of Klaaswaal and Numansdorp.
Richard Manuel was a Canadian composer, singer and multi-instrumentalist, best known for his contributions as a member of The Band.
La Sarraz is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
Kathleen Weil is a Quebec politician. She has been a member of the Notre-Dame-de-Grace constituency in the National Assembly of Quebec since 2008. She was a minister in the Charest government from 2008 to 2012.
Wow is the third album by the French group Superbus. It was released on October 16, 2006. The tracks Le Rock à Billy, Butterfly, Lola, Travel the World and Ca mousse are the five singles. The album sold over 400,000 copies, placed 6th on the French charts and was certified platinum.
Thomas Andrews Hendricks is an American politician affiliated with the Democratic Party. During his career, he held the successive positions of Representative to Congress, Senator of Indiana, Governor of the same State and finally Vice-President of the United States, but only for eight months.
Tenero-Contra is a municipality in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Dude Ranch is the 2nd studio album by Californian band Blink-182. It was released in 1997 under the MCA Records label. Most of the songs that make up the album refer to stories probably lived by the members of the group. This album features the singles Dammit and Josie who helped build the band's fame and sold the album over a million copies, and is the last album with drummer Scott Raynor who was later released. replaced by Travis Barker.
Kreuzlingen is a town and municipality in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland, located in the district of the same name, and was created by the union of the former municipalities of Kurzrickenbach, Emmishofen, Egelshofen and the former convent of Kreuzlingen.
étienne Tshisekedi wa Mulumba, born in Kananga on December 14, 1932, is a politician from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, former Prime Minister of Zaire and president of the Union for Democracy and Social Progress. He is of Luba origin.
The War of the Polish Succession is a European conflict that took place from 1733 to 1738, which arose following the death of the King of Poland and Elector of Saxony Augustus II in 1733.
Aysel Teymurzade, born April 25, 1989 in Baku, is an Azeri R'n'B singer who was chosen to represent Azerbaijan at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia. Aysel and Arash get the third position just behind Iceland in the results of Eurovision 2009.
Saint-François-de-la-Rivière-du-Sud is a municipality in Quebec that is part of the regional county municipality of Montmagny itself included in the Chaudière-Appalaches administrative region.
Avex Group Holdings Inc. is a leading Japanese company in the music industry based in Tokyo, established in 1988, chaired by Masato Max Matsuura. Its music division Avex Trax owns several labels and produces many artists, including Ayumi Hamasaki and Kumi Kōda. The origin of the word Avex comes from the English words Audio Visual Expert.
Ferdinand Marie de Wittelsbach is a Palatine Elector of Bavaria.
Ville Itälä is a Finnish politician, lawyer and member of the European Court of Auditors.
Darcy Tucker is a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played in the National Hockey League.
Outshined is a song by the grunge band Soundgarden. It was the second track on their third album Badmotorfinger, and was released as a single in 1991.The song met with some success on MTV and became one of the band's signature tracks, thanks in part to its heavy and catchy riff and his much sought after lyrics.
Vercelli is a town, capital of the province of the same name in Piedmont in Italy. It was founded, according to most historians, around the year 600 BC. The city is located on the Sesia river, in the Po plain between Milan and Turin. It is an important center for the cultivation of rice.
Vladivostok is a port city in eastern Russia and the administrative capital of the Primorsky Krai. Located near the border with China and North Korea, its population amounted to 600,378 inhabitants in 2013. Bathed by the Sea of ​​Japan, it is the most important port on the Pacific coast and the United States. Russian Far East. In particular, it houses most of the troops of the Pacific Fleet.
Doncaster is a British town located in South Yorkshire. Its population is estimated at 109,850 inhabitants. Located about thirty kilometers from Sheffield, Doncaster is sometimes referred to as 'Donny' by its locals and is home to Doncaster Rovers FC football club.
The Irish Sea is an arm of the sea located in the north-west of Europe, which separates Ireland in the west from Great Britain in the east. It covers an area of ​​approximately 104,000 km2. It communicates with the Atlantic Ocean through the North Channel to the Northwest, and with the Celtic Sea through the St. George Channel to the South. Isle of Man and Anglesey are located in this sea. Eric Tabarly died there in 1998. All four countries of the United Kingdom - England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland - have coastlines on the Sea of 'Ireland.
Agostino Depretis was an Italian lawyer and politician who marked the history of his country after unification.
Ciney is a French-speaking town in Belgium located in the Walloon region in the province of Namur. Self-proclaimed capital of Condroz, it has a population of nearly 15,000 inhabitants and is located approximately 95 km south-east of Brussels.
Norwich is the administrative capital of the county of Norfolk in England. It has City status and is home to the University of East Anglia. Established on both banks of the River Wensum and adorned with the spiers and towers of thirty-two medieval churches, Norwich is a major tourist town in East Anglia.
Retie is a Dutch-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Flemish region in the province of Antwerp. The seigneury of Rethy became part of the heritage of the House of Spinola in 1660 and finally of the Mancini family.
Televisa is a Mexican multimedia company, the largest in Latin America and in the Hispanic world. The name Televisa is the contraction of Televisión Vía Satélite. Televisa is a member of the Ibero-American Telecommunications Organization.
The 2014-2015 Europa League is the 44th edition of the second most prestigious European inter-club cup, the sixth under the name of the Europa League.
Wet is the first single from the 11th studio album by American rap singer Snoop Dogg.
The city of Little Rock is the state capital of Arkansas, United States, the seat of Pulaski County, and the largest city in the state.
ID; Peace B is BoA's 1st single released under the Avex Trax label on May 30, 2001 in Japan. He reached 20th place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 14,740 copies the first week and remains classified 6 weeks for a total of 40,470 copies sold. ID songs; Peace B and Dreams Come True can be found on the Listen to My Heart album.
Bernice is a community of Manitoba located in the southwest of the province in the rural municipality of Albert. The community is located on the route of Highway 345 between the communities of Lauder and Bede. The community is located 115 km southwest of Brandon and 24 km northwest of the town of Melita. The community of Bernice has a listed historic school site erected in 1888.
Socialist Republic of Montenegro was the old official name of Montenegro between 1963 and 1992 when it belonged to the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, of which it was the smallest and least populated of the Federated Socialist Republics.
The Prime Minister is the head of government of Haiti. He is appointed by the President of the Republic and ratified by Parliament. He appoints ministers and state secretaries and goes before the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate to obtain a vote of confidence on his general policy statement. The Prime Minister executes the laws and, together with the President of the Republic, he is also responsible for National Defense.
Osmose Productions is an independent French music label. Created in 1991 by Hervé Herbaut, and currently located in Beaurainville, the label specializes in heavy metal with a death metal, black metal and gothic metal tendency.
Senarclens is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
Saint-Aimé-des-Lacs is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of Charlevoix-Est in the Capitale-Nationale region.
The Lost Little Robot is a short story by Isaac Asimov that first appeared in Astounding Science Fiction in March 1947 and in France in the collections Nous les robots and Les Robots.
You Spin Me Round is a song by the group Dead or Alive released in 1984 on the album Youthquake. It was covered, among others, by Dope in 1999. The singer Jessica Simpson also covered this title for the release of her album "A Public Affair" in 2006. Her version, released as a digital single in early 2007, reached 9th place from the Billboard. It was reinterpreted by Indochine in 2008 and appears, in a "chipmunk" version on the soundtrack of Alvin and the Chipmunks 2.
Evil Woman is a song by Electric Light Orchestra, released in 1975 on the album Face the Music, then as a single the same year, ranking 10th in the US and UK. This song assumes the label "symphonic rock "group through the use of digital strings. Its structure is classic: descent then ascent on three chords, on the model of All Along the Watchtower.
News Corporation, is an entertainment and communications group founded in Adelaide, Australia by the Murdoch family. News corporation is listed on the New York, London, and Sydney stock exchanges.
Soyuz T-14 is a Soviet space mission.
Roveredo is a municipality in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland, located in the district of Moesa.
Latch is the first single from British electronic music duo Disclosure's Settle album, released in 2013. It is sung by Sam Smith.
Roberto Vittori, born in Viterbo on October 15, 1964, is a astronaut for the European Space Agency.
Australia's rugby union team, nicknamed the Kangaroos, is the team that represents Australia in major international rugby union competitions.
Erskine Boyce Bowles is a Democratic businessman and politician from the United States, and more specifically North Carolina. Since October 3, 2005, he has been president of the University of North Carolina.
Cam'ron aka Killa Cam, real name Cameron Giles, is an American rapper. He is also the founder of The Diplomats collective.
Iron Fist is a fictional cartoon character. He is a Marvel comic book superhero, expert in martial arts. His real name is Daniel "Danny" Rand-Kai. It was created by Roy Thomas and Gil Kane in Marvel Premiere # 15 in May 1974. In France, his first adventures appeared in Strange magazine, then Titans until the end of his first series.
Joseph Hill "Joss" Whedon is an American producer, director and screenwriter born June 23, 1964 in New York City. He is the creator of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Angel, Firefly, Dollhouse and Marvel: Agents of SHIELD, and founded the Mutant Enemy company.
FutureSex / LoveSounds is Justin Timberlake's second studio album. The first single, SexyBack, was released in the summer of 2006 and the album was released on September 8, 2006. It features duets with the Three 6 Mafia, TI and Will.i.am of the Black Eyed Peas. It sold nearly a million copies worldwide in its first week of release and placed 10th in the French Top Albums and reached 5th position during the month of October. For this album, Justin Timberlake worked with Timbaland, Nate "Danja" Hills and Rick Rubin. It has sold over 12,000,000 copies.
Inuktitut is one of the four major dialect groups of the Inuit language, the other three being Inupiaq, spoken in Alaska, Inuktun, spoken in Northwestern Canada, and Greenlandic, spoken in Greenland. This Inuit-Inupiaq group is in turn part of the Eskimo branch of the Eskimo-Aleut family.
Pythagoras is a religious reformer and pre-Socratic philosopher believed to have been born around 580 BC. AD in Samos, an island in the Aegean Sea to the south-east of the city of Athens; his death is established around 495 BC. AD, at the age of 85.
Vladimír Me č iar is a politician slovaque.Me č iar began his career è re policy in the Communist Youth and is a member of the Communist Party of Ch é coslovaquie in from 1962. After the Prague Spring, during which he took position against the invasion, he was excluded from the Party.
The Parish of Douglas is both a civil parish and a Canadian local service district in York County, New Brunswick. It includes the taxing authorities of Carlisle Road, Interior Douglas and Lower Douglas.
Otto I, nicknamed in French Otto the Great, was born on November 23, 912 in Wallhausen in Saxony and died at the family palace of Memleben in Thuringia on May 7, 973. Son of Henri I l'Oiseleur and Mathilde de Ringelheim, he must his first name to his grandfather Otto I, Duke of Saxony who, dying, died eight days after his birth on November 30, 912.
Rudolf III, known as the Debonnaire, born around 1281 and died on July 4, 1307, was Duke of Austria and Styria from 1298 to 1306 and the first king of Bohemia of the House of Habsburg from 1306 to his death.
The Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic was one of the 15 member republics of the Soviet Union before the dissolution of the latter in 1991
Marry You is the fourth single from singer Bruno Mars. It is taken from his debut studio album Doo-Wops and Hooligans.
Vera is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd that appeared on their 1979 album The Wall. It is preceded by Nobody Home and followed by Bring the Boys Back Home.
North Karelia is the name of a region in eastern Finland, belonging to the province of Eastern Finland. Its capital is Joensuu.The region is the 13th most populous region in the country while it is ranked 4th in terms of area.
Emergency_season_4 is television series.
Richard II of Normandy, known as Richard the “Irascible” or Richard the “Good”, was Duke of Normandy from 996 to 1026. For Lucien Musset, his reign constitutes “a first peak in Norman history”.
Dreaming Now! is the 56th single from Kumi Kōda released under the Rhythm Zone label on November 13, 2013 in Japan. He finished 9th at the Oricon. It sold 21,135 copies the first week and remains classified 4 weeks for a total of 25,953 copies sold. It is released in CD, Live CD and CD + DVD format .Dreaming Now! can be found on the Bon voyage album.
Marie Amélie Françoise Hélène d'Orléans, a member of the house of Orleans, was born January 13, 1865 in Surrey, England, and died December 4, 1909 in Copenhagen, Denmark. She is a descendant of the King of the French Louis-Philippe I and a member of the Danish royal family.
Daniel arap Moi, born September 2, 1924, is a Kenyan politician, second President of the Republic of Kenya, from August 22, 1978 to December 30, 2002, succeeding Jomo Kenyatta.
Givrins is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Nyon.
Bo Peep Bo Peep is the first Japanese single from the band T-ara, released on September 28, 2011 in Japan. It comes out in 3 different formats, CD, CD + DVD and CD + photobook. He finished 1st at the Oricon. It sold 49,712 copies in the first week and remains classified 25 weeks for a total of 87,168 copies sold. Bo Peep Bo Peep and LOVE ME! ~ Anata no Sei from Kurui Sou can be found on the Jewelry Box album.
Eure-et-Loir is a French department. It is one of the six departments forming the Center region and its capital is Chartres.It takes its name from the two main rivers that cross it, the Eure, a tributary of the Seine, and the Loir, a tributary of the Sarthe .
Love Me is a song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber. It was released exclusively on iTunes as the first digital-exclusive single on October 26, 2009, and is the third single from Justin Bieber's debut studio album, My World. The choir's lyrics are taken from the hit song Lovefool by The Cardigans. The song is a fast tempo synthpop song with dance-pop and R&B tips.
Frederick I of Aragon, born October 16, 1451 in Naples, died November 9, 1504 in Montils-lèz-Tours, King of Naples, is the son of Ferdinand I, King of Naples.
Saint-Prosper-de-Champlain is a municipality of Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Chenaux and in the administrative region of Mauricie.
Oberkulm is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Kulm.
John Carmack is the senior programmer and co-founder of id Software, a video game development company. His skill in computer programming has allowed him to become a celebrity in the community of gamers and developers of real-time 3D graphics applications.
That's All She Wrote is a song by American rapper TI in collaboration with Eminem, taken from the album No Mercy released in 2010. Written and composed by Eminem, TI and Dr Luke, produced by Dr Luke and Max Martin, it is the second single from No Mercy. The song is distributed by Grand Hustle Records and Atlantic Records, TI's historic labels. The song was notably ranked in eighteenth position on the Billboard but did not manage to meet the same success as Whatever You Like, Live Your Life or even Dead and Gone in duet with Justin Timberlake.
Tujetsch is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Graubünden.
On the Third Day was the Electric Light Orchestra's third album, released in 1973, and the album was released in two separate covers. In the United Kingdom, it is a creation of Hipgnosis that was used: the face of Jeff Lynne floating in space, contained in a square, the Earth occupying the bottom of the cover.
Seanad éireann is the upper house of the Parliament of the State of Ireland. Unlike the Chamber of Deputies, the Senate is not elected by direct universal suffrage. Its members can be either elected or appointed by the Prime Minister. It has been criticized since 1928 for its complexity and representativeness.
Pio Laghi, born May 21, 1922 near Forlì in Italy and died January 11, 2009, is an Italian Cardinal, Apostolic Nuncio Emeritus and Prefect Emeritus of the Congregation for Catholic Education.
Strange Days is the Doors second album, released at the end of 1967. It is considered by some to be the band's best album. This concept album features songs such as Strange Days, People Are Strange, Love Me Two Times and When the Music's Over, the latter often being compared to the famous The End because of its form: a long epic poem.
Point Of Authority is a song by American nu metal band Linkin Park, featured on their debut album Hybrid Theory. There is a remix of this song called Pts.OF.Athrty, released as a single in 2002. This second version reached number 29 on the Modern Rock Track Chart. With Pushing Me Away or A Place for my Head, it is one of the most played songs in concert, among the songs that are not singles.
Amman has been the capital of Jordan since 1921. In Roman times, it was called Philadelphia, and appears in the Bible as Rhabbat Ammon, it is also one of the oldest cities in the world to be still inhabited. With 2 million inhabitants, it is the largest city in Jordan, constituting the administrative and economic center of the country.
Bengali or Bangla is an Indo-Iranian language from the Indo-European language family.
Rupert Scholz, born in Berlin on May 23, 1937, is a German politician and constitutionalist member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany.
White Rabbit is a song by psychedelic rock band Jefferson Airplane, released in February 1967 on their album Surrealistic Pillow. It was also released as a single which reached No. 8 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song was composed by Grace Slick in late 1965, early 1966, then performed with her band The Great Society in 1966 before fostering the integration of Slick. within the Jefferson Airplane group.
Rajendra Prasad, born December 3, 1884 in Zeradei and died February 28, 1963 in Patna, was the first president of India.
Sir George-étienne Cartier was a French-Canadian statesman, an educational and justice reformer, and a Father of Confederation. English spelling of his first name, George, instead of Georges, the spelling usual in French, is explained by the fact that it was named in honor of George III of the United Kingdom.
Santa Cruz is a municipality on the California coast, in the western United States. It is the seat of the county of Santa Cruz.
The Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reform, abbreviated UDAR is a Ukrainian political party led by boxer and world heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschko. The UDAR succeeded the “European Capital” party, founded in 2005. In its current form, the party was founded on April 24, 2010, on the basis of the Vitali Klitschko Bloc, a local party based in Kiev.
Kinshasa is the capital and the largest city of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It has both the administrative status of city and province. Located on the south bank of the Congo River at Pool Malebo, it faces the capital of the Republic of Congo, Brazzaville.
Blue Sea is a municipality of Quebec in the regional county municipality of La Vallée-de-la-Gatineau and the administrative region of Outaouais. It has had a youth center and an ice rink since 2004.
Amnesiac is the fifth album of the group Radiohead. Released in 2001, it was recorded at the same time as Kid A, an album with which he formed the Kid Amnesiac diptych. This record is more pop overall, but extends Kid A with an sometimes very abstract electronic production.
The University of Burgundy is a university located in the cities of Dijon, Auxerre, Chalon-sur-Saône, Le Creusot, Macon and Nevers, in France.
Steve Ditko is an American comic book designer and screenwriter born November 2, 1927 in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. He is best known as the co-creator of Spider-Man. He is also a convinced follower of the philosophy developed by Ayn Rand, objectivism, which has greatly influenced his work.
A World Without Heroes is a song by the American group Kiss, taken from the 1981 album Music from "The Elder".
Sir Anerood Jugnauth is a Mauritian statesman, Prime Minister between 1982 and 1995 then between 2000 and 2003. He was then President of the Republic from October 2003 until his resignation in March 2012.
Munster Rugby, officially the Irish Rugby Football Union Munster Branch, and one of the four branches of the Irish Rugby Football Union, is responsible for rugby union in the Irish province of Munster. The branch is also responsible for the Munster provincial team, which participates in the Celtic League and the European Rugby Cup.
Black Wall Street Records is an American rap label founded by The Game and his half-brother Big Fase 100.
Silenced by the Night is a pop rock song by British rock band Keane released on March 13, 2012 across the world under Island Records.
Pohjois-Haaga is a section of the Haaga district in Helsinki, Finland.
Berea is a city of the United States located in the state of Ohio in the county of Cuyahoga founded in 1836, with an estimated population of 19,093 inhabitants at the time of the 2010 census, which gives a density of 1,326 inhabitants / km2 .Berea has proclaimed itself the world capital of the millstone, which is also the symbol of the city thus paying tribute to the many millstones that have emerged from its quarries.
County Limerick is located in the southwest of Ireland, where the River Shannon widens before emptying into the Atlantic.
Longirod is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Nyon.
Roland Ries, born January 11, 1945 in Niederlauterbach, is a French politician, member of the Socialist Party, Senator for Bas-Rhin from 2005 to 2014 and mayor of Strasbourg since 2008.
Lantier is a municipality of Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Laurentides, in the administrative region of Laurentides. Lantier is located 20 minutes from the village of Saint-Donat. The territory of Lantier has 13 lakes including Lake Ludger and Lake Cardin. This municipality is very proactive in terms of education.
Lilleby station is a Nordlandsbanen railway stop located in the municipality of Trondheim.
Boca do Monte is one of the ten districts into which the Brazilian city of Santa Maria is divided, in the state of Rio Grande do Sul.
Veytaux is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the Riviera-Pays-d'Enhaut district.
Piotr Ilich Klimouk is a Soviet cosmonaut, born June 10, 1942.
The Golfe-du-Saint-Laurent is a regional county municipality of Quebec, located in the Côte-Nord region. It is more precisely located between the Indian reserve of Natashquan and Newfoundland and Labrador. The MRC, with a population of 4,500 inhabitants, includes an unorganized territory and five municipalities, the most populous of which are Blanc-Sablon and Côte-Nord-du-Golfe-du-Saint-Laurent with respective populations of 1,260 and 1,023 inhabitants.
Arthur Levitt, born February 3, 1941 in Brooklyn, is a senior American Democratic official. He was chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission between 1993 and 2001.
Saint-Malo is a French commune located in Brittany, in the department of Ille-et-Vilaine and the main one on the north coast of Brittany. A tourist sector is also very developed, its inhabitants, the Malvinas and the Falklands, were 44,620 in 2012.
The Viceroyalty of New Granada was an administrative and political entity, founded by the Crown of Spain, made up of the present-day states of Colombia, Ecuador, Panama and Venezuela. It existed for three periods, from 1717 to 1723, from 1739 to 1810 and from 1816 to 1819. This administrative entity was administered by a Viceroy appointed by the King of Spain. Its capital was Santa Fe de Bogota.
Shelly Glover is a Canadian politician born January 2, 1967 in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. She is currently the Conservative Party of Canada MP for St. Boniface, Manitoba, and Shelly Glover won the 2008 general election by defeating incumbent Liberal MP Raymond Simard by just over 11% of the vote. She was a police officer with the City of Winnipeg and is currently on extended absence due to her election.
Timothy Harris, born 1964 in Tabernacle, is a Kittitian politician, Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2001 to 2008.
Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz is a German philosopher, scientist, mathematician, logician, diplomat, lawyer, librarian and philologist who wrote in Latin, German and French.
Happiness in Slavery is a song by the American group Nine Inch Nails. It is available on the EP titled Broken as well as a promotional 12 "vinyl released in November 1992.
Kazoku no Hi / Aburazemi♀-Piano・Version- is Misono's 11th single released under the Avex Trax label on October 29, 2008 in Japan. It reached 23rd place in the Oricon classification, it remained classified for 3 weeks, for a total of 5,600 copies sold. It is released in CD and CD + DVD format.
The Plovdiv oblast is one of the 28 oblasti in Bulgaria. Its capital is the city of Plovdiv.
The Lotus 25 is a Formula 1 single-seater designed by Colin Chapman and used by Team Lotus and many private teams. It was entered in the Grands Prix from 1962 to 1967, gleaning 13 victories, 17 pole positions and 14 fastest laps. All by Jim Clark alone.
The Beach Boys Today! is the eighth studio album by The Beach Boys. This is the first of three that came out in 1965. Although the album was not considered particularly important at the time, it marked an important turning point within the group and, more particularly, in life. Brian Wilson's personal.
Banten is a province of Indonesia located at the western end of the island of Java. It is bordered on the west by the Sunda Strait, on the north by the Java Sea, on the east by the Special Territory of Jakarta and the province of West Java and on the south by the Indian Ocean.
Léon Gambetta, born April 2, 1838 in Cahors and died December 31, 1882 in Sèvres, is a French republican politician. Member of the Government of National Defense in 1870, leader of the opposition in the following years, he was one of the most important political figures of the first years of the Third Republic and played a key role in the sustainability of the republican regime in France after the fall of the Second Empire.
Yves Gabias is a Quebec lawyer, judge and politician. He was member of the Trois-Rivières constituency in the National Assembly of Quebec from 1960 to 1969 and Minister from 1966 to 1969.
Shine is a single from the British group Years and Years released in June 2015 from the album Communion.
Machine Head is the sixth album of the group Deep Purple released in 1972 and one of their most famous, it was recorded at the end of 1971, while the group was staying on the shores of Lake Geneva, in the premises of the casino of Montreux. They brought the Rolling Stones mobile studio with them. The album's flagship song, Smoke on the Water, was inspired by a fire that occurred during a Frank Zappa performance at the casino.
Mollens is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
Anton Rop is a Slovenian politician and former Prime Minister between December 19, 2002 and November 9, 2004. He led the Liberalna demokracija Slovenije
Fort Lauderdale, nicknamed the "Venice of America", is a city in the state of Florida, United States, on the Atlantic coast. It is the seat and the largest city in Broward County. According to the estimate of the United States Census Bureau, the city of Fort Lauderdale had 183,606 inhabitants in 2007. It is part of the Miami metropolitan area which has nearly 5.5 million inhabitants, or almost the third of the population of Florida.
Maximilian II of Bavaria was from 1848 to 1864 the third king of Bavaria. He is the eldest son of Louis I of Bavaria and his wife Thérèse of Saxe-Hildburghausen.
Santa Barbara is a municipality of 88,978 inhabitants located on the California coast at the foot of the Santa Ynez Mountains, facing the Pacific Ocean, in the western United States. It is the seat of the county of Santa Barbara. Its urban area, which includes the neighboring towns of Goleta, Montecito and Carpinteria, has a total population estimated at 400,000 people.
Michael Bernard Mukasey, is an American politician and jurist. He studied law at Yale University. He was a New York federal judge from 1987 to 2006 and the 81st Attorney General of the United States from November 9, 2007 to January 20, 2009.
Soyuz T-12 was the 7th manned space expedition to the Saljut-7 space station.
Aruba is an island in the Caribbean Sea that is part of the Lesser Antilles and located off the coast of Venezuela. Aruba has been a fully-fledged Kingdom of the Netherlands state since the island separated from the Netherlands Antilles in 1986. The capital is Oranjestad.
Landiswil is a municipality in the canton of Berne in Switzerland, located in the administrative district of Berne-Mittelland.
The Providence Reds are a professional American Hockey League ice hockey franchise that grew up in Providence, Rhode Island, U.S. Logo: Aggressive Red Rooster Division Titles: 2 IAHL and 6 AHL Regular season titles: 3 CAHL and 5 AHL Championships won: 3 CAHL, 2 IAHL and 2 AHL
Notre-Dame-Auxiliatrice-de-Buckland is a parish municipality in the regional county municipality of Bellechasse in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches.
Fearless is the title of the third song from Pink Floyd Meddle's album. Roger Waters composed the famous guitar riff he learned from Syd Barrett. He plays this riff and other rhythm guitar parts on the recording, despite his bass work in the band. At the end of the song, you'll hear You'll Never Walk Alone sung by fans of the Liverpool FC “reds”.
Smack That is the first single from Akon's Konvicted album with Eminem.
Aigle is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud located in the district of Aigle, of which it is the capital.
The Belarusian Football Championship or Vysshaya Liga was established in 1992.
The district of Lisbon is a district of Portugal. Its surface area is 2,761 km2, making it the 15th largest in the country. Its population is 2,135,992.
Susanna Agnelli, born April 24, 1922 in Turin and died May 15, 2009 in Rome, is an Italian politician and business figure.
The province of Malaga is one of the eight provinces of the autonomous community of Andalusia, in southern Spain. Its capital is the city of Malaga.
Frederick IV of Denmark, born in Copenhagen on October 11, 1671 and died in Odense on October 12, 1730, son of Christian V and Charlotte-Amélie of Hesse-Cassel, is king of Denmark and Norway from August 25, 1699 to October 12, 1730 .
The Stade Aurillacois Cantal Auvergne is a French rugby union club based in Aurillac. The first team, coached by Thierry Peuchlestrade and Jeremy Davidson, is currently playing in Pro D2. Stade Aurillacois is playing at Stade Jean-Alric. The club won the Federal 1 in 2007 and has since evolved into Pro D2.
The Casablanca-Settat region is one of the twelve regions of Morocco at the end of the 2015 territorial division. Its capital is Casablanca and its president since 2021 is Abdellatif Maazouz.
Lully is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
Nédélec is a township municipality in the province of Quebec, in the regional county municipality of Témiscamingue in the Abitibi-Témiscamingue administrative region.
The Moldovan Soviet Socialist Republic, or RSSM, was one of the 15 Union Republics of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics before its dislocation in 1991. It was renamed the Moldovan Soviet Socialist Republic after the declaration of its sovereignty on June 23, 1990, official name it had until August 27, 1991, the date of the proclamation of its independence under the name of the Republic of Moldova.
Lac-Saint-Paul is a municipality that is part of the regional county municipality of Antoine-Labelle in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Laurentides. It is named in honor of Paul of Tarsus.
Nelly Kim Furtado, born December 2, 1978 in Victoria, is a Portuguese-Canadian singer and songwriter.
Lonay is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges, it is part of La Côte.
British East Africa is an area of ​​East Africa controlled by the United Kingdom at the end of the 19th century. It became a protectorate covering roughly the territory of present-day Kenya in 1895. Arising from British commercial interests in the region during the 1880s, the protectorate existed until 1920, when it became the colony and protectorate of Kenya. .
Matthew Roy Blunt, born November 20, 1970 in Springfield, Missouri, is an American politician, member of the Republican Party and Governor of the State of Missouri from January 2005 to January 2009.
Ethel Ana del Rosario Jara Velásquez, born May 11, 1968 in Ica, Peru, is a Peruvian politician.
Radio Ga Ga is the first single from Queen's The Works album, released in January 1984. Written by Roger Taylor, the song was a hit the world over; However, it only reached 2nd place in the English charts, behind the Relax box of the group Frankie Goes to Hollywood. She received silver certification from the BPI. The B-side of the single, I Go Crazy is not on The Works album.
The Basilica of Saint-Denis is a Gothic-style church located in the center of the city of Saint-Denis, in Seine-Saint-Denis, 5 kilometers north of Paris. Founded as an abbey, it also has the status of cathedral of the diocese of Saint-Denis since 1966.The former royal abbey of Saint-Denis is associated with the history of the Frankish world. The abbey church has been called a “basilica” since the Merovingian era.
Giuseppe Zanardelli, Italian legal consultant and statesman, was President of the Italian Council during the period February 15, 1901 - January 29, 1903.
FC Hansa Rostock is a German football club playing in 3rd Liga and based in Rostock.
François II of Brittany, born June 23, 1435 at the Chateau de Clisson and died in Couëron on September 9, 1488, is a Duke of Brittany.
Eschlikon is a municipality in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland, located in the district of Münchwilen.
FK Neftchi Baku is an Azerbaijani football club based in Baku, the capital of the country, and is the most popular and supported club across the country, as well as the most successful.
Breaking Point was a World Wrestling Entertainment wrestling pay-per-view. It was the only ppv in WWE history to bear this name, succeeding Unforgiven and being replaced the following year by Night of Champions which was moved to September. It took place on September 13, 2009 at Center Bell in Montreal in Quebec, and offered as main games of the matches of submissions.
Herménégilde Chiasson, born April 7, 1946 in Saint-Simon, New Brunswick, is an Acadian artist.
Caniapiscau is a regional county municipality in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Côte-Nord. More than half of the 4024 inhabitants of the region reside in its capital, Fermont.
İ sa Yunis o ğ lu Q ə mb ə r, born February 24, 1957 in Baku, is an Azerbaijani politician, leader of the Müsavat.
The International Organization for Standardization, or ISO, is an international standardization body made up of representatives of national standards organizations from 165 countries. This organization, created in 1947, aims to produce international standards in the industrial and commercial fields called ISO standards.
The Governor of Texas is the Chief Executive Officer of the Government of the United States State of Texas and Commander-in-Chief of the State National Guard. The governor has a duty to uphold the laws of the state. He can convene the State Congress, approve the laws passed by it or veto them.
Gunnor or Gonnor, was the wife of the Duke of Normandy Richard I.
Corcelles-le-Jorat is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Broye-Vully. Cited in 1140, it was part of the Oron district between 1803 and 2007. The town was populated by 438 inhabitants in 2013.
Sunderland is a city and port in England in the North East Administrative Region, which was granted city status in 1992 and was previously one of the largest cities in the United Kingdom exempt from this status.
Richard Harrison Truly alias Dick Truly is an American astronaut born November 12, 1937.
Eurythmics is a British pop rock and new wave group formed in London in 1980 and composed of Annie Lennox and Dave Stewart, who achieved both commercial and artistic success during the 1980s. Annie Lennox and Dave Stewart are meet in the 1970s and work together in the groups The Catch then The Tourists.
The University of Malta is the highest educational institution in Malta offering undergraduate Bachelor's Degrees, postgraduate Master's Degrees and postgraduate Doctorates. It is a member of the Association of Commonwealth Universities. In post-nominals the university's name is abbreviated as Melit., A shortened form of Melita.
The military medal is a French decoration, instituted on January 22, 1852 by Louis-Napoléon Bonaparte to reward soldiers or assimilated, non-officers.It is sometimes called the Medal of the brave or jewel of the nation.
The Union sportive dacquoise is a French sports club based in Dax in the Landes, whose main section is rugby union. The rugby club has been chaired by Alain Pecastaing since 2013. The first team, trained for the 2014-2015 season by Richard Dourthe and Brice Miguel, plays in Pro D2, in the Maurice-Boyau stadium.
Saint-Adalbert is a Canadian municipality in Quebec located in the regional county municipality of L'Islet and the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches. It is named in honor of Adalbert of Prague.
Haugenstua station is a train stop on the Hovedbanen line. The stopover with one million passengers per year is part of the busiest stations in Norway. The train stop is 12.09 km from Oslo.
Aya Ueto is a Japanese actress, singer, and ex-idol with Jpop's band Z-1.
The city of Grand Forks is the seat of Grand Forks County, North Dakota, United States. In 2014, it was the third largest city and metropolitan area in North Dakota, with 56,057 inhabitants for the city1 and 101,842 inhabitants for the metropolitan area.
Georges Remi dit Hergé, born May 22, 1907 in Etterbeek and died March 3, 1983 in Woluwe-Saint-Lambert, is a Belgian comic book author mainly known for The Adventures of Tintin. , from 1924 he signed his plates with the pseudonym "Hergé" formed from the initials "R" of his name and "G" of his first name.
John Salvatore Romita, known as John Romita Junior, is an American cartoonist, born August 17, 1956 in Brooklyn.
The wilaya of Constantine, is one of the 48 wilayas of Algeria located in the east of the country. Its capital is the eponymous city.
IF Björklöven is an ice hockey team from the city of Umeå in Sweden. The team plays in Allsvenskan, the second level in Sweden.
Megalomania is Aqua's third studio album, after Aquarium released in 1997 and Aquarius released in 2000. It was released on September 30, 2011 physically and October 3, 2011 as a digital download.
County Tyrone, or Tír Eoghain, is the second largest of the nine counties of Ulster and the largest of the six counties in Northern Ireland.
The G17 Plus is a Serbian liberal conservative political party founded in 2002.
Gerra is a locality and former Swiss municipality in the canton of Ticino, which merged on January 1, 2009 with Cugnasco to form the municipality of Cugnasco-Gerra.
Mjøndalen Station is a train station located in Nedre Eiker and 70.22 km from Oslo.
Tashkent, is a metropolis in Central Asia, capital of the Republic of Uzbekistan. Located in the east of the country, a few tens of kilometers from the Kazakh border, it now has more than 2.7 million inhabitants. Administratively, it is both a city and the capital of the province of Tashkent. Its name means "stone citadel".
Fly High is Ayumi Hamasaki's 13th single released under the Avex Trax label, or her 14th single overall including Nothing from Nothing from 1995.
Anne Marie Louise d'Orléans - known as "La Grande Mademoiselle" -, born May 29, 1627 and died April 5, 1693, was Duchess of Montpensier, Dauphine d'Auvergne, Countess of Eu and Mortain and Princess of Joinville and Dombes. Daughter of Gaston d'Orléans and Marie de Bourbon and granddaughter of King Henri IV, she was the first cousin of Louis XIV.
Glauco Sansovini, born May 20, 1938, is a politician from San Marino.After 44 years of professional activities in private companies in San Marino, he is active in politics and in 2001 founded the Alliance with other citizens. national. Elected to the Grand General Council in 2001, he became, with Marco Conti, one of the two captains-regents of the Republic of San Marino from April 1 to October 1, 2010.
Louis de Buade, Count of Frontenac and Palluau, born May 12, 1622 at the castle of Saint-Germain-en-Laye and died November 28, 1698 in Quebec, is a French soldier and administrator. Twice appointed Governor of New France by the King of France Louis XIV, he developed the colony and defended it against English attacks, particularly during the Battle of Quebec in 1690.
Monsieur d'Orléans, called Nicolas or Nicolas-Henri in certain works, son of France and Duke of Orleans, born April 13, 1607 at the royal castle of Fontainebleau and died November 17, 1611 at the castle of Saint-Germain-en-Laye , is a French prince, member of the House of Bourbon.
Volker Rühe, born September 25, 1942 in Hamburg, is a German politician member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany. He was appointed secretary general of the CDU in 1989 by Helmut Kohl to replace Heiner Geißler, considered too left, but had to give up this post in 1992 to become Federal Minister of Defense in the black-yellow coalition led by Kohl.
Soyuz 35 is a Soviet space program flight to the Salyut 6 space station which begins to be permanently manned.
Mary Louise Cleave is an American astronaut born February 5, 1947.
Cheikh Hadjibou Soumaré, born in Dakar in 1951, is a Senegalese politician, Prime Minister from 2007 to 2009.
Acre is a city in Israel, located north of Haifa Bay, on a promontory with a deep-water port. Acre is located 152 km from Jerusalem and administratively depends on the northern district. This coastal town gives its name to the plain of Acre which includes several villages.
Diogenes of Sinope is an ancient Greek philosopher and the most famous representative of the Cynical school. He is a contemporary of Philip II of Macedon, who took him prisoner after the battle of Chéronée and his son Alexander. A disciple of Xeniades, he became master among others of Zeno of Cition and Monimus of Syracuse.
Henri Courtemanche CP is a lawyer and federal politician from Quebec.Born in Mont-Laurier in the Laurentians region, Mr. Courtemanche studied at the Académie de Mont-Laurier, at the Séminaire de Saint-Joseph in Mont-Laurier, at the College Saint-Laurent and at the University of Montreal. Appointed to the Quebec Bar in 1947, he practiced law in Mont-Laurier and Montreal.
Paradise City is a song written by hard rock band Guns N 'Roses. It is included in the 1987 album Appetite for Destruction and was released as a single in 1988. It is also the only song on the album that uses synthesizers.
The Gnome is a song by the progressive rock band Pink Floyd. The song was written by Syd Barrett. The song is preceded by Interstellar Overdrive and appears on the album The Piper at the Gates of Dawn. British actor Nigel Planer recorded this song as Neil and included it on his self-titled album.
Robot Rock is a song by the French electronic music group Daft Punk. Released as a single on April 11, 2005, it is the first single and the third track of Human After All.
Saint-Pierre-et-Miquelon is a French archipelago in North America located in the Atlantic Ocean, 25 km south of the Canadian island of Newfoundland. Formerly an overseas department, then a territorial collectivity with special status, it is today an overseas collectivity.
Lac-Minaki is an unorganized territory that is part of the regional county municipality of Matawinie in Quebec, which is part of the administrative region of Lanaudière.
Ulaanbaatar is the capital of Mongolia. It is at the same time its political, economic, industrial, scientific and cultural center. Administratively, it has the status, unique in the country, of municipality, comparable to that of province. almost a million inhabitants, or more than a third of the country's population.
Chicago Sky is a city of Chicago women's basketball franchise that is a member of the Women's National Basketball Association at the University of Illinois at Chicago. Unlike many other franchises in the league, the Sky is not attached to any NBA franchise, despite being in the same city as the Chicago Bulls.
Saint-Lambert is a parish municipality in Quebec located at the northwest end of the MRC of Abitibi-Ouest in Abitibi-Témiscamingue.
The tenth government of Croatia is the government of the Republic of Croatia between January 12, 2008 and July 6, 2009, during the sixth legislature of the Diet.
McMasterville is a municipality in the regional county municipality of La Vallée-du-Richelieu in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Montérégie. It was founded in 1917 to accommodate the workers of the "Canadian Explosives Limited". It was the company's first president, William McMaster, who inspired the town's name.
The Higher School of Industrial Physics and Chemistry of the City of Paris, or ESPCI ParisTech, is a large engineering school founded in 1882. It is located at 10, rue Vauquelin on the Sainte-Geneviève mountain in the Latin Quarter in the fifth arrondissement of Paris. The training given over four years is essentially general science.
The Indian Wars are the set of wars between European settlers and then the United States government against the North American Indian peoples, from 1778 to 1890. Although no war was officially declared by the United States Congress, the The American army was constantly at war against these peoples from 1778. They continued into the 19th century with violence and numerous massacres on the part of both camps.
Dirty Desire is a song from Utada released in 2009 on the album This Is the One; a series of remixes, Dirty Desire - The Remixes, is released as a "digital single" at the end of the year.
Tokugawa Ieyasu, is daimyo then shogun of Japan, he is the last of the three unifiers of Japan of the Sengoku period, after Oda Nobunaga and Toyotomi Hideyoshi
The president of the Basque government is called lehendakari or lendakari, literally in Basque “first secretary”, or Eusko Jaurlaritzako Lehendakari.
Wolverhampton is a British city located in Staffordshire. It has City status. Historically part of the County of Staffordshire, it has been part of the Metropolitan County of the West Midlands since 1974. The name of the town is commonly recognized as deriving from Lady Wulfruna, founder of the town in 985.
I'm Breathless is a Madonna music album from 1990.
Leo III or Levon III is a king of Armenia from 1269 to 1289, of the Héthoumides family. He is the son of Héthoum Ier de Barbaron, king of Armenia, and Isabelle of Armenia, queen of Armenia.
Ruby is a free programming language. It is interpreted, object oriented and multi-paradigm. The language was standardized in Japan in 2011, and in 2012 by the International Organization for Standardization.
Handle This is the latest single from the All Killer album, No Filler by Canadian punk rock band Sum 41. The single was released only in Europe and Japan.
Punjabi is an Indo-European language from the Indo-Iranian branch of languages ​​spoken in Punjab by around 100 million speakers. it comes from prakrits, like Hindi, while being more archaic, and therefore irregular, than this one. She mainly uses the semi-syllabary gurmukhi for her writing in India and the shahmukhi in Pakistan, but sometimes the devanagari.
Map of the Problematique is the 21st single from the British group Muse, fifth single from their album Black Holes & Revelations. This is the fourth track on the album.
Maria de Lourdes Pintasilgo is a Portuguese politician who was the first minister of the 5th constitutional government after the approval of the Constitution, and remains to this day the only woman to have held this position in Portugal.
Johnny Storm aka the "Human Torch" is a fictional superhero character from the Marvel Comics universe. Created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby, he appears for the first time in the comic book The Fantastic Four # 1 in November 1961. A founding member of the Fantastic Four, he has, like the other members of the group, superpowers. He can at will and in the presence of oxygen create an envelope of fire around any part of his body and fly.
Lawrence is a city in Kansas in the United States of America, seat of Douglas County, 40 km west of Kansas City. It is crossed by the Kaw river. Its population is 87,643. It is home to the University of Kansas and the Haskell University of Indian Nations.
Burning Bright is the fourth single from the group Shinedown released in 2004.
Sofia is the capital and largest city of Bulgaria, 590 meters above sea level at the foot of Mount Vitosha, not far from the Iskar River. It has 1.4 million inhabitants, the Sofianci, or 17% of the country's population, placing Sofia 15th among the most populous cities in the European Union. Sofia is also the fourth largest city in the Balkans, after Istanbul, Athens and Bucharest.
The Montreal Wanderers are a professional ice hockey team that played in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, first in the National Hockey Association and then in the National Hockey League in its inaugural season in 1917- 1918.The Wanderers won the Stanley Cup eight times, each time as an amateur team.
C-lebrity is the second single from Queen + Paul Rodgers' debut album The Cosmos Rocks. Released in September 2008, the song had already been performed in public in a British program in April 2008 on the ITV channel.
Scream is a song by American producer, songwriter and rapper Timbaland, in collaboration with Keri Hilson and Nicole Scherzinger. It was released as the fifth and final single from her second studio album, Shock Value.
Maggie Hassan, born February 27, 1958 in Boston, is an American politician, member of the Democratic Party. She has been Governor of New Hampshire since 2013.
Jewel Song is BoA's 9esingle released under the Avex Trax label on December 11, 2002 in Japan. He reached 3rd place in the Oricon ranking and remained ranked 13 weeks for a total of 151,485 copies sold. The songs Jewel Song and Beside You ~ Boku wo Yobu Koe ~ can be found on the Valenti album. Jewel Song was used as the musical theme for the drama Eve no Subete and Beside You ~ Boku wo Yobu Koe ~ was used as the opening for the Monkey Typhoon anime.
Orenburg is a city in Russia and the administrative capital of the Orenburg Oblast. Its population was 560,046 inhabitants in 2014.
Barrow-in-Furness is a port town in Cumbria, located in the North West of England in the United Kingdom. In 2001, the community of townships of Barrow-in-Furness - which includes surrounding villages - had a population of 71,980.
Price Tag is the second musical single by British singer Jessie J from the album Who You Are. The single was released on January 28, 2011.
Dominique Vien is a Quebec communicator and politician. She is a member of the National Assembly of Quebec for Bellechasse and Minister of Tourism.
Morgan Johansson, born May 14, 1970 in Höganäs, is a Swedish politician. A member of the Social Democrats, he has been Minister of Justice and Immigration in the Löfven government since 2014.
Bégin is a locality of the regional county municipality of Fjord-du-Saguenay in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Saguenay – Lac-Saint-Jean. The town is said to have been named in honor of Bishop Louis-Nazaire Bégin, and the first resident was Mr Séverin Bilodeau in 1918.
The Philadelphia Convention Hall and Civic Center, also known as the "Philadelphia Civic Center" and "Philadelphia Convention Center," was a sports hall located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It had a capacity of 9,600 seats for basketball, 12,037 seats for concerts and 15,000 seats for conventions.
Marvel Television is an American television production studio affiliated with Marvel Entertainment. It was created on June 28, 2010 and is chaired by Jeph Loeb. The productions are primarily television series from Marvel Comics. The company also distributes Marvel Animation productions, primarily animated television series.
Love is a single from Romanian singer Inna.
The Supreme Order of the Chrysanthemum is Japan's highest honor. It is above all the dynastic order of the imperial house from which it takes up the kamon, the chrysanthemum flower with sixteen petals. It was created in 1876 and redesigned in 1888 by creating a large necklace. It has only one class.
Peshmerga is a term used by Kurds to generally qualify Kurdish fighters. It is also the official term of the Kurdistan Regional Government to qualify the armed forces of Iraqi Kurdistan.
Sibylle d'Anjou, born on an unknown date and died in the monastery of Bethany, kingdom of Jerusalem, in 1165, is a countess of Flanders.
John Garibaldi Sargent, born October 13, 1860 and died March 5, 1939, is an American lawyer and Republican who served as United States Attorney General in the Coolidge administration. John G. Sargent was not President Coolidge's first choice, but the nomination of his favorite, Charles B. Warren, having been rejected by the Senate, he had to fall back on Sargent.
South Bend is a city and the county seat of Saint Joseph, Indiana, United States. At the time of the 2010 census, it had 101,168 inhabitants. Located in the Midwestern region, South Bend is 90 miles east of Chicago.
The Dolphin is a small constellation in the northern hemisphere, near the celestial equator.
Survivalism is an industrial metal single from the group Nine Inch Nails released in 2007. Rock portal Rock portal Metal portal Metal portal Music portal Music portal • Song section
The Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs are an Australian professional rugby union club based in Sydney Olympic Park in the Sydney suburb. They play in the National Rugby League which is Australia's elite championship. Admitted to the NSW Championship in 1935, they won the championship eight times - in 1938, 1942, 1980, 1984, 1985, 1988, 1995 and 2004.
Sacramento County is a county in the state of California, United States. It had 1,418,788 inhabitants in 2010. The city of Sacramento is the county seat as well as the state capital of California.
The Modern Center Party is a social-liberal political party in Slovenia, founded under the name Miro Cerar Party by lawyer Miro Cerar.
Chi Cheng, born July 15, 1970 in Long Beach, California, and died April 13, 2013, is an American bass player. He was a bassist for the band Deftones, in fact he was not the first bassist of Deftones but the original bassist left the band and Chi replaced him in 1988.
DS is a track from the album HIStory by Michael Jackson, released in 1995. It is the sixth track on the second disc, one of three songs from this disc whose lyrics are printed in the album booklet and which lasts four times. minutes and forty-nine seconds. The song is often cited as a reference to Tom Sneddon, District Attorney for Santa Barbara County, California. Its name evokes that of Dom Sheldon, hence the letters DS, subject of the song.
Andrei Ivanovich Borissenko is a Russian cosmonaut, born April 17, 1964 in Leningrad, now Saint Petersburg.
Lola versus Powerman and the Moneygoround, Part One is an album by The Kinks released in 1970.The inside cover of the disc is illustrated by a retouched drawing by Leonardo da Vinci: the figure of the man has been replaced by the face of Ray Davies. The album is placed under the sign of the Renaissance painter, a genius with innumerable gifts who saw himself as "other", everywhere and always and who was a visionary.
Master P, real name Percy Robert Miller, is an American rapper, producer and actor. He is the founder of the No Limit Records label and has to his credit twelve albums certified muti-platinum, ten platinum and thirteen gold. He was also a member of the TRU group between 1992 and 2005.
Everybody Else Is Doing It, So Why Can't We? is the debut studio album by Irish alternative rock group1 The Cranberries, released on March 1, 1993 on Island Records.
Steven Ray Swanson says Swanny is an American astronaut born December 3, 1960.
The Mulhouse Football Club, commonly abbreviated as FC Mulhouse or FCM, is a French football club founded in 1893 under the name FC Mülhausen 1893, since Alsace was then under German administration. It played its first official competitions from 1903 within the German federation, before taking its current name and joining the French competitions in 1919, after the reconquest of Alsace-Lorraine by France.
Zoran Jankovic æ n ed on 1 January 1953 to Saraorci in Serbia, is a businessman and a personality ed policy slov è does, founder and pr ed president of the political party of the center-left, Slov e denies positive and mayor Ljubljana.
Applause is a song by American singer Lady Gaga. This is the first single from his forthcoming fourth studio album, Artpop. The track is written and produced by the singer as well as DJ White Shadow.
AEK Larnaca is a Cypriot football club based in Larnaca. Dutchman Leon Vlemmings has been the coach since December 2011.
Treycovagnes is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois.
Remember the day ... is the thirtieth single from Mylène Farmer released on September 28, 1999.It is the twelfth single from her fifth studio album Innamoramento.This title has as reference the book Si c'est un homme by Primo Levi which tells through her work of her story lived in the concentration camps. At the end of the song, Mylène sings "Zakhor et yom", which means "Remember the day" in Hebrew.
Trabzon, in French Trebizond, is a city in Turkey, prefecture of the province of the same name, located on the shores of the Black Sea, in the region of Pontus.
The Meaning of Love is Depeche Mode's fifth single released on April 26, 1982.The single version of The Meaning of Love is the same as the album version of A Broken Frame, the album on which the song appears.
Philippe III of évreux or Philippe III of Navarre. Prince of French royal blood, he is the son of Louis of France, Count of Evreux, and of Marguerite d'Artois. His father was brother of Charles de Valois, and Philippe IV le Bel, King of France.
House Petrovi ć Njego š is the royal house of Montenegro. Its sovereign princes were, until 1852, prince-bishops of the Serbian Orthodox Church. This statute gave them for a long time not only legal authority over the population of Montenegro, but also religious authority, which was essential to maintain the union of the clans and the fight against the Muslim Turks.
Saint-Sixte is a municipality of Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of Papineau. Its inhabitants are the Saint-Sixtois.
Lada Togliatti is a professional Russian ice hockey club, located in Togliatti, in the Samara oblast. He plays in the VHL.
Douala, a port city, is the economic capital of Cameroon, the main business center and the largest city in the country. It is the capital of the Littoral region and the Wouri department with which the urban community of Douala merges.
Quinto is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Ticino, located in the district of Leventina.
The Legion of Super-Heroes is an American comic book belonging to DC Comics telling the adventures of a team of superheroes in the third millennium. She first appeared in April 1958 in Adventure Comics # 247. Superman is one of the main elements.
William Dorsey Jelks, born November 7, 1855 and died December 13, 1931, is an American Democratic politician. He was governor of Alabama between 1901 and 1907.
Waseda University, commonly abbreviated as Sōdai, is a private Japanese university located in Tokyo. It was founded in 1882 by the statesman ō kuma Shigenobu as é cole sp ed cialis e e, and acc è to the status of university ed in 1920.L'universit e has three main campuses in the northern part of the district of Shinjuku.
The Wellington region is a region of New Zealand located in the far south of the North Island. There is the city of Wellington, capital of the country.
The city of Tallahassee has been the seat of Leon County and the capital of the state of Florida since March 1824, in the United States, close to the Gulf of Mexico and the border with Georgia.
Mike Rounds, whose full name is Marion Michael Rounds, born October 24, 1954, is an American politician, member of the Republican Party and Governor of the State of South Dakota from 2003 to 2011.
Don't Panic is the fourth single from the studio album Parachutes, the debut album by English band Coldplay.
The United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development is the head of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development. He is a member of the presidential cabinet and the 13th on the Presidential Line of Succession.
Lou Reed's second album Transformer, released in 1972, was released during his stay in England and produced by David Bowie and Mick Ronson. It contains some of his most famous songs: Perfect Day, Satellite of Love and especially Walk on the Wild Side. Photographer Mick Rock signs the cover of the cover that will inspire Tim Curry in the movie The Rocky Horror Picture Show.
Soyuz 11 is the first space mission in the Soyuz program to successfully dock with the first space station, Salyut 1. However, the mission ended in disaster when the capsule depressurized during preparations for re-entry, killing all three. crew members.
Saint-Just-de-Bretenières is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Montmagny in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches. It is located in the very south of the Magnymontois region.
Luigi Maglione, born March 2, 1877 in Casoria, Campania, Italy, and died August 22, 1944 in Casoria, is an Italian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.
The Commonwealth of England is a regime established in England after the execution of Charles I. This term can hardly be translated as republic in the French sense of the term.
In Too Deep is the second single from Canadian rock band Sum 41 from their second album All Killer, No Filler. It was released on December 3, 2001. It immediately met with dazzling success, echoing that of Fat Lip, the previous single. The lyrics deal with the difficulty of a romantic separation. The song largely contributed to the success of the album from which it came.
Got My Mind Set on You is a song written by Rudy Clark and first recorded in 1962 by American singer James Ray on his single album, simply titled James Ray. She appears there under the title I've Got My Mind Set on You. The best-known version of this song is its cover by George Harrison, released on the album Cloud Nine in 1987, which ranked number one on the Billboard. Hot 100 at the beginning of 1988 for a week.
Polaris, whose real name is Lorna Dane, is a superheroine belonging to the universe of Marvel Comics. She's part of the X-Men squad. The fictional character first appears in the comic book Uncanny X-Men # 49 by Arnold Drake, Don Heck, Werner Roth and John Tartaglione, although she is drawn by Jim Steranko.
The Atlanta Dream is a women's basketball franchise from the city of Atlanta, a member of the WNBA. Created in 2008, it became the 14th franchise in the league, and began its first season in May 2008.
Dame Marguerite Pindling, born McKenzie, June 26, 1932 in Long Bay Caysn, has been Governor General of the Bahamas since July 8, 2014.
Soyuz TM-13 was the 13th expedition to Mir space station. It included an astronaut from Austria and a cosmonaut from the soon-to-be independent region of Kazakhstan.
Volkswagen AG is a German automobile manufacturer. VAG has been the leading European car manufacturer since 1998. Through its 12 brands, it is present in all world markets and manufactures mid-range automobiles with skoda and seat and above all high-end with other brands. Since 2010, China has been its largest market in terms of volume, ahead of Germany.
The battle name of France refers to the German invasion of the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg and France during World War II.
Magnus IV Eriksson, born in 1316 and died on December 1, 1374, was king of Sweden from 1319 to 1363, and of Norway from 1319 to 1343.
Innervision is a single and song by American nu metal and alternative metal band System of a Down, taken from the album Steal This Album! released on November 26, 2002. It's track 2 of the album, the music is by Daron Malakian and lyrics by Serj Tankian. Metal portal Metal portal Music portal Music portal • Song section
Bø Station, is a Norwegian railway station of the Sørland line, located in the city center of Bø, in the County of Telemark in the Østlandet region. It was commissioned in 1924. It is a station of the Norges Statsbaner , served by passenger and freight trains.
Ketumile Joni Masire alias Quett Masire, born July 23, 1925 in Kanye, is a Botswanan politician, member of the Botswana Democratic Party. He was vice-president from 1966 to 1980, then president of the Republic from 1980 to 1998.
Saint-Stanislas is a municipality of Quebec,, part of the regional county municipality of Maria-Chapdelaine, located in the administrative region of Saguenay – Lac-Saint-Jean. This municipality is located between St-Eugène d'Argentenay and the Mistassibi river. In this village, we find Lake éden as well as several small hunting and fishing lakes.
Windows 2000 is a 32-bit operating system developed and distributed by Microsoft. The name Windows 2000 is actually the trade name for version 5.0 of Windows NT. It was released on February 17, 2000 and succeeded Windows NT 4.0, created 4 years earlier in April 1996. Windows 2000 was available in four versions: Professional, Server, Advanced Server, and Datacenter Server.
Marco Conti, born April 14, 1969 in Serravalle, is a politician from the Republic of San Marino.
Deathstroke, or Deathstroke the Terminator, real name Slade Wilson is a character from the DC Comics universe. He is a mercenary-assassin, known primarily as an enemy of the Teen Titans, and more specifically, in the animated series, of their leader Robin. But he is also an anti-hero, who has had the right on certain occasions to his own series.
Saint-Nazaire is a municipality of Quebec in the regional county municipality of Lac-Saint-Jean-Est. It is part of the administrative region of Saguenay – Lac-Saint-Jean.
Tbilisi Ivané Javakhishvili State University, better known as Tbilisi State University is a university founded on February 8, 1918 in Tbilisi, Georgia.
The Spanish protectorate in Morocco was the part of Morocco under a regime of the protectorate of Spain, established by the Franco-Spanish Treaty of Madrid of November 27, 1912, following in particular the Franco-Moroccan Treaty of Fez of March 30, 1912 establishing the French protectorate in Morocco. The protectorate consisted of the northern region of Morocco, namely the Rif and the Habt.
Let It Go Released, delivered, or Let It Go in the original version, is a song from the animated film Frozen, released in 2013. The lyrics were written by Kristen Anderson-Lopez in the original version, and the music was was composed by Robert Lopez, and in the film the song is performed by Elsa's character, the Frozen. In its original version, it is performed by singer Idina Menzel, and in French, both in Europe and Canada, by Anaïs Delva.
Rastila is a section of the Vuosaari district in Helsinki, the capital of Finland.
Chatichai Choonhavan was Prime Minister of Thailand from 1988 to 1991. He was overthrown by a military coup led by Suchinda Kraprayoon, Commander-in-Chief of the Royal Thai Army and brief Prime Minister in 1992. Thailand Portal Thailand Portal Policy Portal Policy Portal 1990s Portal 1990s Portal
The district of Coimbra is a district of Portugal. It has an area of ​​3,947 km2, making it the 12th largest in the country.
Julie Boulet is a Quebec politician. Member of the National Assembly of Quebec, she represents the riding of Laviolette under the banner of the Liberal Party. She was Minister of Transport, Minister of Employment and Social Solidarity and Minister responsible for the Mauricie region in the government of Jean Charest.
Gustave Benjamin Boyer, born November 29, 1871 in Saint-Laurent and died December 2, 1927, was a veterinarian, journalist, lecturer and Quebec politician.
Terminal Frost is an instrumental song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. It is the eighth title of the album A Momentary Lapse of Reason, released in 1987. It occurs between the two parts of A New Machine. It was not often performed in concert, it is also the name that was chosen by a group of covers of Pink Floyd from the Liège region in Belgium.
Simon or Simon Bar-Jona, also called Kephas or Simon-Pierre, probably born at the turn of the 1st century BC. AD and died - according to tradition - around 64-70 in Rome, is a Jew from Galilee or Gaulanitide, known to be one of the disciples of Jesus of Nazareth.
Medazzaland is Duran Duran's 9th studio album, released in 1997.
Samuel Riley Pierce, Jr. was an American politician, housing secretary under Ronald Reagan. He was born on September 8, 1922 in Glen Cove and died in the same town on October 31, 2000.
The Manawatu-Wanganui region is a region of New Zealand located in the south-central part of the North Island, around the towns of Wanganui and Palmerston North.
The Progress and Socialism Party, formerly the Communist Party of Morocco, the Moroccan Communist Party and the Liberation and Socialism Party, is a Moroccan political party with a socialist ideology.
Emergency_season_8 is television series
étalle is a French-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Walloon Region in the province of Luxembourg, as well as a locality where its administration is located. They are part of the Gaumaise Lorraine.
Brigitte Zypries, born November 16, 1953 in Kassel, is a German politician, member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany and former Federal Minister of Justice.
Othon Guillaume Léopold Adalbert Valdemar of Wittelsbach, King of Bavaria is the second son of King Maximilian II of Bavaria and his wife Marie de Hohenzollern. He was from 1886 to 1913, under the regency of his uncle then his first cousin, the fifth and penultimate king of Bavaria.
Boeing is one of the largest aircraft and aerospace manufacturers in the world, with its headquarters located in Chicago, Illinois.
Dagenham & Redbridge Football Club is an English football club based in London. The club has been playing in League Two since the 2011-2012 season.
Lincoln is a city with city status and the county seat of Lincolnshire, England. The 2001 census reported a population of 101,779 for the greater Lincoln area, including Birchwood, North Hykeham and Waddington.
Pascoal Ranieri Mazzilli is a Brazilian politician, president of the Republic of the United States of Brazil on two occasions, from August 25 to September 7, 1961 and from April 2 to 14, 1964. He was a member of the PSD. of history Portal of politics Portal of politics Portal of the contemporary world Portal of the contemporary world Portal of Brazil Portal of Brazil
IVECO is a manufacturer of industrial vehicles and buses located in Turin, Italy, fully controlled by the Italian-American group CNH Industrial.
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs of the United States is the head of the Department of Veterans Affairs of the United States, a department responsible for all matters relating to veterans and created at the initiative of President Ronald Reagan in 1989. He is a member of the Cabinet and 17th and penultimate in the line of presidential succession.
José Luciano de Castro Pereira Corte-Real was a Portuguese politician who served three terms as president of the Council of Ministers of Portugal. He was one of the founders of the Progressive Party. De Castro was the head of government during the Portuguese-British crisis of 1890. This crisis was one of the decisive factors during the fall of the constitutional monarchy on October 5, 1910 .
Ouagadougou, known colloquially Ouaga, is the capital and largest city of Burkina Faso, with a population of 1.62 million inhabitants in 2012. It is the cultural, economic and administrative center of the country. The inhabitants of Ouagadougou are the Ouagalais. The word at the origin is "Woogrtenga" and "Wogodogo" and means "where one receives honors, respect",.
Montgomery is the capital of the state of Alabama, United States. It is the second most populous city in Alabama, with 205,764 inhabitants and 397,961 for the entire metropolitan area. It is also the seat of Montgomery County. Montgomery is located on the shores of Alabama in the south-central part of the state.
James G. Watt is an American lawyer and politician. From 1981 to 1983, he was Home Secretary under Ronald Reagan.
Madeleine of France or of Valois, born in Tours on December 1, 1443, died in Pamplona on January 21, 1495 is a French princess, daughter of Charles VII, King of France and of Marie d'Anjou, who became Princess of Viane by her marriage to the heir to the kingdom of Navarre, Gaston de Foix.
Strutter is a song by American hard rock band Kiss, released as a single from their self-titled debut album Kiss. This is the band's third single. Paul Stanley wrote the lyrics to a song that Gene Simmons first wrote the music for, Stanley called it The Parrot. A popular title over the years, the song has been performed at many Kiss concerts and has appeared on albums such as Alive! or Smashes, Thrashes & Hits.
Raymond Lulle is a Mallorcan philosopher, poet, theologian, missionary, Christian apologist and novelist. He was born around 1232 in Mallorca and died in 1315, probably at sea, off his native island. A mystical writer, the principles of his philosophy were inseparable from his project of converting Muslims.
Annise Danette Parker, born May 17, 1956, is the mayor of the city of Houston, Texas and the former comptroller of the city of Houston. She has been a member of the Democratic Party and Houston City Council since 1997.
The Pontiac Trans Sport is a minivan type automobile designed by General Motors and sold in Europe under the Pontiac brand from 1991. It is a clone of the Chevrolet Lumina APV and the Oldsmobile Silhouette. A futuristic looking vehicle, it was a commercial failure in the United States as well as in Europe to a lesser extent.
Georgina von Wilczek, born October 24, 1921 in Graz, Austria, and died October 18, 1989 in Grabs, Switzerland, was from 1943 to 1989 Princess Consort of Liechtenstein through her marriage to Prince Franz Joseph II. She is the mother of Sovereign Prince Hans-Adam II. She is usually known by the first name of "Gina".
Mitsuo Terada better known as Tsunku or Tsunku♂, is a J-Pop producer, songwriter, and singer born October 29, 1968 in Osaka, Japan. He is famous as the creator-producer-composer of Hello! Project bringing together dozens of young Japanese singer-idols solo or in groups, including the famous Morning Musume and Aya Matsuura.
A Woman's Worth is the second single from the 1st studio album by American artist Alicia Keys. Produced by the latter, the title is the fruit of her collaboration with her friend Erika Rose. The single enjoyed much the same success as Fallin ', particularly in the US and New Zealand. The music video which is a sequel to the Fallin 'music video was nominated twice for Best R&B Music Video and was also nominated for Best Cinematography at the 2002 MTV Video Music Awards, when the song won the Outstanding Song Award. of the year in 2002 at the NAACP Image Award.
Matthew Kiichi Heafy is an American musician, guitarist and singer of the band Trivium. Born January 26, 1986 in Iwakuni, Japan, his influences range from Metallica, Pantera, Megadeth, Slayer, Testament, Iron Maiden to Queen, The Beatles, Muse, Coldplay and Radiohead.
Ziggy Stardust: The Motion Picture is a live album by David Bowie, corresponding to the film of the same name directed by Donn Alan Pennebaker, released in 1983. It was recorded during Bowie's last concert under his Ziggy Stardust avatar, July 3 1973: Just before the last song, Bowie announced "This isn't just the last gig on the tour, it's also the last we'll give." Thank you ". In the audience, many believed that Bowie himself was saying goodbye.
Carrie Fisher, born October 21, 1956 in Beverly Hills, California, United States, is an American actress and screenwriter. She is the daughter of Debbie Reynolds and Eddie Fisher, and the half-sister of Joely Fisher and Tricia Leigh Fisher. In 1977, from her second film, she bursts the screen with all her partners in Star Wars of George Lucas.
The Scourge is a fictional character from the Marvel Comics universe. Created by screenwriter Stan Lee and cartoonist Jack Kirby, the character first appeared in the comic book Uncanny X-Men # 12 in 1965.Caïn Marko is one of those characters who, having long been powerful enemies of the super- heroes, their nemesis, eventually become their allies after a change of mind.
Ronald John Garan, Jr., born October 30, 1961 in Yonkers, is a NASA astronaut. He is an F16 Falcon pilot, and flew missions for Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm during the Gulf War, and made his first space flight aboard STS-124 which took him to the International Space Station in 2008.
Mercy is the 3rd musical song on the album after Dead Inside and Psycho. In the course of the story, this is the moment when the main character that we follow throughout the album, asks a possibly superior being for mercy in order to come out of the dark. mentioned in the first two pieces and not to let yourself be mentally manipulated.
The district of Stuttgart is one of the four German constituencies of the Land of Baden-Württemberg. Its capital is Stuttgart.
Arbedo-Castione is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Ticino.
Anne de Bourbon-Parme is the wife of the former King Mihai I of Romania. She is known in France as Queen Anne of Romania, although she married King Mihai after losing her throne.Princess Anne was born on September 18, 1923 in Paris, France, daughter of Prince René of Bourbon-Parma and Princess Marguerite of Denmark.
Wolfgang Guillaume of Palatinat-Neubourg, born November 4, 1578 in Neubourg-sur-le-Danube and died March 20, 1653 in Düsseldorf, is a German prince from the great Wittelsbach family. He is the son of Philippe Louis de Neubourg, Count Palatine, Duke of Neubourg, and Anne de Clèves. He receives part of the inheritance of Juliers-Clèves-Berg and he is one of the rare Protestant princes to convert to Catholicism.
Atlantic is the first single from rock band Keane's album Under the Iron Sea. It was released on April 24, 2006. The song is 4 13 minutes in the album and 6 11 minutes in the video.
The Samanids are an Iranian dynasty which regains power after the Arab conquest.
Edmund Casimir Szoka, born September 14, 1927 in Grand Rapids, Michigan and died August 20, 2014 in Novi, is an American cardinal of Polish origin, Governor Emeritus of Vatican City State since 2006.
Dana International is the pseudonym of Israeli pop singer Sharon Cohen. Operated in 1992 for a gender modification, she won the Eurovision Song Contest in 1998 with the song Diva.
Stephen Jean Marie Pichon, born August 10, 1857 in Arnay-le-Duc and died September 18, 1933 in Vers-en-Montagne, is a French radical-socialist journalist, diplomat and politician.
The University of Santiago de Compostela is a public university headquartered in Santiago de Compostela, Galicia, and with campuses in the cities of Santiago de Compostela and Lugo. Founded in 1495, it is the oldest university in Galicia and one of the oldest in Spain.
Faisal ben Abdelaziz Al Saoud born April 14, 1906 in Riyadh and died assassinated on March 25, 1975 in the same city is King of Saudi Arabia from 1964 to 1975. Coming from the Saudi dynasty, he is the son of Ibn Séoud, the founder of the third Saudi state, and succeeds his half-brother Saoud, forced to abdicate.
FC Schaffhausen is a football club from the city of Schaffhausen in Switzerland. He is playing in the Challenge League. Its president is Aniello Fontana.
Joseph Gordon Coates, born February 3, 1878 on his parents' farm in the Kaipara district of northern New Zealand and died May 27, 1943 in Wellington, is a New Zealand politician. Member of the Reform Party, he was prime minister from May 30, 1925 to December 10, 1928. Marked by a practical spirit, he generally rejects party ideologies, and knows how to work with members of other parties.
Niederwil is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Bremgarten.
Pervez Khattak, born January 1, 1950 in Manki Sharif in the Nowshera district, is a Pakistani politician.
The Finnish Football Championship, originally called Veikkausliiga, was created in 1908. This championship brings together the twelve best teams in Finland, each playing 33 matches. Its main sponsor is a famous Finnish betting agency, hence the name Veikkausliiga. The Veikkausliiga was founded in 1990. It used to be called the Mestaruussarja, from 1930 to 1989.
Estadio Juan Ramón Loubriel is a 12,500 seat stadium located at the intersection of routes 2 and 5 in Bayamón, Puerto Rico. The stadium is easily accessible, with a metro station called “Deportivo” adjacent to the stadium.
Identity is the seventh Japanese album by Korean singer BoA, released on February 10, 2010, 2 years after her last album The Face.
Waiting for the Worms is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd that appeared on their 1979 album The Wall.
The Asturias Forum is the name used in the autonomous community of Asturias by the Citizens' Forum party. Presenting himself as centrist, reformist and autonomist, it is chaired by the former secretary general of the Popular Party, Francisco álvarez-Cascos.
António Bernardo da Costa Cabral, 1st Earl and 1st Marquess of Tomar, more simply known as Costa Cabral, was a Portuguese politician. He was among others: deputy, peer of the kingdom, state councilor, minister of justice and religious affairs, minister of the kingdom, and was twice prime minister.
Eyes on Me is the second single from Celine Dion's Taking Chances album for North America and England. Celine Dion performed Eyes on Me during An Audience With ... Celine Dion Ashanti Boyz remixed the song Eyes on Me During the CBS special of Taking Chances, That's Just the Woman in Me, Celine collaborated with the singer and producer Will.i.am for the song Eyes on Me. Australian singer, Delta Goodrem, who has cancer, participates in backing vocals.
Slovene is a Slavic language of the Indo-European language family. It is spoken by around two million people, mainly in Slovenia, but also in Austria and Italy. It is the official language of Slovenia and one of the official languages ​​of the European Union. Slovenian has retained some features of Old Slavic and has been influenced by Latin, German and Italian. It is a pitch accent language.
John Foxx, born Dennis Leigh, September 26, 1947 in Chorley, is a British musician and singer. Founder of the group Ultravox, precursor of New wave, he left it in 1978 to embark on a solo career.His first album, Metamatic, is at the crossroads between electro-pop and coldwave.
Uffe Ellemann-Jensen, informal: was foreign minister in Poul Schlüter's conservative government from 1982 to 1993. He was leader of the Danish liberal political party Venstre from 1984 to 1998 and president of the European Liberals from 1995 to 2000.
The city of Charleston is the state capital of West Virginia and the seat of Kanawha County, United States. Its population was 51,400 inhabitants in the 2010 census, estimated at 47,215 inhabitants in 2018.
Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo, born April 5, 1947 in Manila, Philippines, is a Filipino politician. She was the first female vice-president of the Republic, from June 30, 1998 to January 20, 2001, and she was also the second female president of the Republic, from January 20, 2001 to June 30, 2010. She has been a member of Parliament for Pampanga since June 30, 2010.
Lil 'Dub Chefin is the only single from the English group Gorillaz taken from Laika Come Home, their remix album made by Spacemonkeyz. This is an instrumental reggae remix of the song M1 A1 featured on Gorillaz's eponymous debut album.
Huey Lewis, real name Hugh Anthony Cregg III on July 5, 1950 in New York City, is an American singer-songwriter.
Nafplion is a Greek city in the Peloponnese. Capital of Argolida, seat of a bishopric, located by the sea, it is a historical and tourist city with 13,822 inhabitants. The deme of the Nauplians, created within the framework of the Kallikratis program, is made up of the districts of Asini, Nafplion, New Tiryns and Midéa. The city is installed on the northern slope of the Itch-Kale or Acronauplie peninsula.
Americana is The Offspring's 5th album. Released in November 1998, it marks the band's transition from an independent label to a major on the record. In terms of sales, the album was a hit and remains one of the group's greatest successes, with more than 12 million copies sold worldwide.
Kiseki / No.1 is BoA's 8th single released under the Avex Trax label on September 19, 2002 in Japan. He reached 3rd place in the Oricon ranking and remained ranked 17 weeks for a total of 129,462 copies sold. The songs Kiseki, No.1 and Flower can be found on the Valenti album.
Hélène Ivanovna of Moscow, daughter of Ivan III of Russia, she was, by her marriage to Alexander I Jagiellon, Queen of Poland and Grand Duchess of Lithuania
Friborg is a city and a Swiss municipality in the canton of Friborg, on the Sarine. It is the capital of the canton of Friborg and that of the district of Sarine. Freiburg is a bilingual city, with nearly a fifth of the German-speaking population. It is located on either side of the Sarine on the Swiss plateau on the cultural border between German-speaking and French-speaking Switzerland.
George Wilcken Romney is an American businessman and politician. Born in Mexico to American parents, his grandparents, polygamous Mormons fled the United States after the ban on polygamy. George Romney returned to the United States as a child. A businessman, he was president of American Motors Corporation from 1954 to 1962.
Puurs is a Dutch-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Flemish Region in the province of Antwerp. Duvel beer is produced in Puurs. Portal of Antwerp and its province Portal of Antwerp and its province
Mi Reflejo is the second studio album and the first studio album in Spanish by American pop singer Christina Aguilera. Most of the songs were produced by Rudy Pérez, included the Spanish versions of the 5 hits from his debut album Christina Aguilera, as well as six new songs. The album won the Latin Grammy in the "Best Female Pop Vocal Album" category in 2001.
Seydou Elimane Diarra is an Ivorian politician, born November 23, 1933 in Katiola. He is originally from the north of Côte d'Ivoire and a Muslim. A scholarship holder from the French Republic, he studied in La Rochelle and then obtained a diploma in agricultural engineering from the école nationale supérieure agronomique de Montpellier.
Oostkamp is a Dutch-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Flemish Region in the province of West Flanders, as well as a locality where its administration is located.
Corinne Lepage, born May 11, 1951 in Boulogne-Billancourt, is a French lawyer and politician. Lawyer since 1975, she is a former lecturer and former professor at Sciences Po and successively at the universities of Paris II, Paris-XII then Saint -Quentin-en-Yvelines. Former Minister of the Environment, former member of Generation Ecology, founder and president of the ecological party Cap21 since 1996, co-founder and former vice-president of the Democratic Movement until March 2010, she is a member of Parliament European from 2009 to 2014.
Changes is a song by David Bowie released in December 1971 on the Hunky Dory album, then as a single in January 1972 with Andy Warhol on the B side. Like the album, Changes received good reviews, but did not succeed. to rank well in the charts.
The Arab League, officially the League of Arab States, is a regional organization with observer status with the United Nations. It was founded on March 22, 1945 in Cairo by seven countries and today has twenty-two member states.
Nicole Léger is a politician and a teacher from Quebec. She is the Member of Parliament for the provincial electoral district of Pointe-aux-Trembles, under the banner of the Parti Québécois. She was minister several times in the governments of Lucien Bouchard, Bernard Landry and Pauline Marois.
Scarlet Witch is a fictional character belonging to the Marvel Comics universe. Created by screenwriter Stan Lee and cartoonist Jack Kirby, she first appeared in the X-Men # 4 comic book in 1964. Wanda Maximoff is both a mutant and a magician. She started out as a villainous member of the Brotherhood of Evil Mutants with her father Magneto and her brother Quicksilver.
Caleb Cushing, born January 17, 1800 and died January 2, 1879, is an American lawyer, diplomat and Democrat who served as representative for the 3rd Congressional District of Massachusetts from 1835 to 1843 before becoming United States Attorney General from 1853 to 1857 in the Pierce administration. Cushing also served as US Ambassador to China and Ambassador to Spain.
Bad Guy is a song written and performed by American rapper Eminem. This title is the first track of The Marshall Mathers LP 2, the rapper's eighth studio album released in 2013. The song is produced by Symbolyc One, M-Phazes and StreetRunner.
Jensen Ross Ackles is an American actor, director and model, born March 1, 1978 in Dallas, and has appeared in the television series Dark Angel, Dawson and Smallville. He is currently playing in the Supernatural series with the role of Dean Winchester who is one of the main characters.
She Has Funny Cars is the opening track for Jefferson Airplane's Surrealistic Pillow album, released in February 1967. It also appeared on the B-side of the single Somebody to Love, in April of that year. The track was composed by Jorma Kaukonen and Marty Balin. It was also said that the song was about the "funny car" of drummer Spencer Dryden's girlfriend. This song uses the famous "Bo Diddley Beat".
Rivière-Patapédia-Est is an unorganized territory of Quebec located in the regional county municipality of La Matapédia, in the administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent.
Wrapping Paper is a song by Cream composed by Jack Bruce to lyrics by Pete Brown, and released as a single on October 7, 1966.
Le Chesnay is a French commune located in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region.Its inhabitants are called the Chesnaysiens.It participates in the Contest of towns and villages in bloom and has three flowers in 2011.
The East Kazakhstan Oblys is one of the administrative regions of Kazakhstan.
Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun is a song by rock band Pink Floyd that appears on their second album, A Saucerful of Secrets. It is written by Roger Waters, from a collection of Chinese poems from the Tang dynasty. The group performed it in concert from 1967, and until 1973. It appears in the live disc of the double album Ummagumma, as well as in the film Pink Floyd: Live at Pompeii and on various bootlegs.
Anhui is a province of China whose capital is Hefei. Anhui is located in eastern China, around the Yangzi Jiang and Huai He basins. Its borders border the provinces of Jiangsu to the east, Zhejiang to the southeast, Jiangxi to the south, Hubei to the southwest, Henan to the northwest and Shandong over a small section to the north. The province marks the boundary between North China and South China.
Tropipop, or Colombian pop, is a musical genre that emerged in the late 1990s in Colombia. It is a mixture of Colombian music, in particular Vallenato, and Latin musical genres like salsa and merengue, pop and pop rock. The term "tropipop" derives from a mix between tropical and pop describing the mix between Latin musical roots and American popular music.
The Cathedral of the Holy Trinity of Roskilde is a historical monument and a royal necropolis in the city of Roskilde, Denmark. It welcomes around 150,000 visitors per year. It was inscribed with its environment on the World Heritage List in 1995. It was the main church of the former diocese of Roskilde before the emergence of Lutheranism.
Lepreau Parish is both a civil parish and a Canadian local service district in Charlotte County, located in southwestern New Brunswick.
Prince Carl Johan of Sweden, born October 31, 1916 in Stockholm, and died May 5, 2012 in Ängelholm, was a former member of the Swedish royal family, son of King Gustav VI Adolf of Sweden and his wife, born Princess Margaret of Connaught and member of the Bernadotte family. He was the uncle of King Charles XVI Gustav of Sweden and Queen Margrethe II of Denmark.
Fixing a Hole is a song by the British band The Beatles. It was written entirely by Paul McCartney but credited to Lennon / McCartney. She appears on the album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band released in 1967.
Lac-Akonapwehikan is an unorganized territory of Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Antoine-Labelle in the Laurentides administrative region.
Calixa-Lavallée is a small parish municipality in Quebec, located on the South Shore of Montreal, in the Montérégie region, in the agricultural plain, between the town of Verchères, along the St.Lawrence River and that of Saint- Marc-sur-Richelieu, bordering the Richelieu river. It is part of the regional county municipality of Marguerite-D'Youville, in the administrative region of Montérégie.
Les Clées is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois.
Vladimir Afanassievich Liakhov is a Soviet cosmonaut, born July 20, 1941 in Antratsyt, Soviet Union
Anthology 3 is a compilation released in November 1996 as part of The Beatles Anthology collection. It contains rare recordings and alternate versions of Beatles songs, from the initial sessions of the White Album, to the later ones of Abbey Road.
Lorella Stefanelli, born February 20, 1959 in San Marino, is a San Marino lawyer and stateswoman, member of the Christian Democratic Party. She was captain-regent of San Marino, with Nicola Renzi, between October 1, 2015 and April 1, 2016.
Shakermaker is a song by British britpop band Oasis, written by guitarist Noel Gallagher, featured on their debut album Definitely Maybe, in second place. The song's first appearance was as a single, released on June 13, 1994, which peaked at No. 11 in the UK charts. It was also the band's first song on Top Of The Pops.
Terry Goddard, born January 29, 1947 in Tucson, is an American politician, member of the Democratic Party, mayor of Phoenix from 1984 to 1990, and attorney general of Arizona from 2003 to 2011.
Rachid Solh is a Lebanese politician, member of one of the main Sunni families of the country.He was elected deputy for Beirut in the 1960s and was appointed by President Soleimane Frangié Prime Minister in 1974. He resigned in 1975 a few weeks after the election. outbreak of the Lebanese civil war. Following the resignation of Omar Karamé's government in May 1992, President Elias Hraoui instructed him to form a government to organize the first post-war legislative elections.
The Battle of the Seven Days, part of the Civil War, is a victory for the Confederate forces of Robert Lee over the Northerner forces of General George McClellan. This battle took place around Richmond from June 25 to July 1, 1862.
Kongsberg Station is a train station located in downtown Kongsberg and 99.37 km from Oslo. Kongsberg is a terminus for local trains between Kongsberg and Eidsvoll.
Hanging on the Telephone is a song written by Jack Lee and created by short-lived American power pop trio The Nerves.Blondie popularized the song when it was released as Parallel Lines' second single in the US and UK. United, until being # 5 in the UK in November 1978. This song is central to the film Electrick Children, released in 2013, a cover of the band flowers forever having been recorded for the soundtrack.
EMI Group was one of the four record majors and the third largest in the global music market behind Universal Music Group and Sony. Directed by Eric Nicoli, the record company was created in March 1931 under the name Electric and Musical Industries, by the merger of the English subsidiary of Columbia Records and the Gramophone Company / HMV. For almost 50 years, EMI was the world's largest record company.
Malawi, formerly called Nyasalandia, is a country in East Africa, located on the shores of Lake Niassa and bordering on the north and east with Tanzania, east, south and west. with Mozambique and with Zambia to the west. The capital is Lilongwe. Malawi has a subtropical climate.
Marie Gabrielle in Bavaria, princess in Bavaria, born October 9, 1878, died October 24, 1912. She was the daughter of Charles-Théodore in Bavaria and Maria Josepha of Portugal.
éléonore de Sicile, born in 1325 in Sicily and died in 1375 in Lérida, was Queen of Aragon from 1349 until her death.
Cymbaline is the sixth track from Pink Floyd's album More. He relates a nightmare. The version of this song heard in Barbet Schroeder's film is different from that of the film's soundtrack, with partly different lyrics, but both are sung by David Gilmour. Pink Floyd frequently performed this song in concert between 1969 and 1971.
Athens is the capital and the largest city of Greece. In 2011, it had 664,046 intramural inhabitants over an area of ​​39 km2. Its urban area, Greater Athens, which notably includes the port of Piraeus, has more than three million.
Jules Auguste Armand Marie de Polignac, born in Versailles on May 14, 1780 and died in Paris in 1847, is a French politician. He successively bore the titles of Count of Polignac, Prince of Polignac, then Duke of Polignac.President of the Council of Ministers from August 8, 1829 to July 30, 1830, he played a crucial role in triggering the revolution of July 1830.
Hedwig of Kalisz was born around 1266 and died on December 10, 1339. She is queen consort of Poland. From the Piasts dynasty, she is the daughter of Boleslas the Pious and Yolande of Poland. She married Ladislas I the Short, at the time of the Duke of Sieradz, probably on January 6, 1293. Following the death of Przemysl II, Wenceslaus II seized power and Ladislas I the Short had to flee the country. Edwige and her children are hiding in Radziejów.
Baltimore is a city in the northeastern United States located in the state of Maryland. One of the largest seaports on the East Coast, the city is home to the prestigious Johns Hopkins University and, in its suburbs, a University of Maryland campus.
Manisaspor is a Turkish football club based in Manisa.
Thierry Breton, born January 15, 1955 in Paris, is a French business executive, company director and politician. Chairman and CEO of Thomson and then of France Telecom, he was French Minister of the Economy, Finance and of Industry from February 2005 to May 2007, then professor at Harvard. He has been Chairman of the Atos Group Executive Board since November 2008 and CEO since February 2009.
La La Land is a song with a pop-rock tempo performed by Demi Lovato who wrote it with the Jonas Brothers. Released on December 16, 2008, this is the second single from her debut studio album, Don't Forget. This track served as a promotional medium for the Sonny series and was Lovato's first single to be sold internationally.
Mestis is the second highest ice hockey league in Finland. Until the reopening of a promotion-relegation system to SM-liiga during the 2008-2009 season, it was the highest that could be achieved by sporting merit alone. One exception, however: KalPa Kuopio had been promoted to SM-liiga after the 2004-05 season, returning to the league where they had played for years before being relegated at the end of the 1998-99 season.
Wettingen is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Baden.
The term Franco-Albertan is used to designate the Francophone population of the Canadian province of Alberta. Alberta was predominantly French-speaking until the end of the 19th century; in Alberta's capital, Edmonton, this population is mostly concentrated in the Bonnie Doon area.
New Skin is the second single from the album SCIENCE, second release, released in 1997, by the Californian group Incubus.
The Flying Fish is a small constellation in the southern hemisphere, south of Carina.
Mercy is a song by American rapper Kanye West recorded in collaboration with rappers Big Sean, Pusha T and 2 Chainz. This is the 1st single from the album Cruel Summer, released in September 2012. The song was released as a single on April 6, 2012 on digital download platforms in the United States.
Ireland is a municipality located in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches in Quebec. It is part of the regional county municipality of Appalachians.
Trois-Rivières is a provincial electoral district of Quebec located in the region of Mauricie.
C'est la vie is Martin Solveig's third album released in 2008, and was re-released in 2009 with an additional track, Boys and Girls, as well as a second remix CD.
Brittnau is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Zofingue.
The 2010 SummerSlam is a wrestling pay-per-view run by the World Wrestling Entertainment federation.
All Night Long, written all night long, is the 3rd single from Ami Suzuki, released in 1998.
Set the Fire to the Third Bar is the fourth single from Snow Patrol's Eyes Open album, released in 2006. Martha Wainwright provides vocals along with Gary Lightbody.
La Durantaye is a parish municipality in the regional county municipality of Bellechasse in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches.
L'érable is a regional county municipality of Quebec, located in the Center-du-Quebec region. Its capital is Plessisville. It is made up of 11 local municipalities, i.e. 2 towns, 6 municipalities and 3 parishes. Its prefect in 2014 is Sylvain Labrecque, mayor of Lyster.
Otto Oscar Binder or Eando Binder is an American science fiction writer and comic book writer. He is an author of the Silver Age of comics and creator of Supergirl, Legion of Super-Heroes and others for DC Comics.
Lieutenant General Sir Oliver William Hargreaves Leese KCB, CBE, DSO, 3rd Baronet, was an English general in WWII. Leese was a student at Eton College when WWI broke out, he enlisted in the "Coldstreams Guards ". He was wounded during the Battle of the Somme in 1914.
Montpellier is a municipality of Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Papineau and the administrative region of Outaouais. Its name comes from the postmaster, Louis Beaulieu, known as Montpellier. In the 2006 census, there were 966 inhabitants.
The Battles of Saratoga mark the culmination of Saratoga's campaign, giving the Americans a decisive victory over the British in the US War of Independence.
Sainte-Hélène-de-Chester is a municipality of Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Arthabaska and the administrative region of Center-du-Quebec. This municipality includes the small villages of Saint Helena de Chester and Trottier Mill.
Shine we are! is BoA's 10th single released under the Avex Trax label on May 14, 2003 in Japan. He reached 2nd place in the Oricon ranking and remained ranked 14 weeks for a total of 144,264 copies sold. The song Shine we are! can be found on the Love and Honesty album.
The Only Living Boy in New York is a song written by Paul Simon and performed by the duo Simon and Garfunkel. This is the eighth track from Bridge over Troubled Water, the band's fifth and final studio album. The song was also released as a 45 rpm version, on the B side of the single Cecilia.
Monster is the 20th studio album by American group Kiss released on October 9, 2012. The album's title was released on August 21, 2011 via the Kissonline.com site.
Alphonse Henri, comte d'Hautpoul is a French general and politician, son of Jean Henri d'Hautpoul-Félines and Anne Henriette élisabeth Foucaud d'Alzon, born in Versailles on January 4, 1789, died in Paris on July 27, 1865.
Pohénégamook is a Canadian city located in eastern Quebec in the regional county municipality of Témiscouata in Bas-Saint-Laurent. It was born from the merger of the municipalities of Saint-David-de-Sully, Saint-Pierre d'Estcourt and Saint-éleuthère on October 23, 1973.
Stellar is a song by the American group Incubus, released as a second single from their third album, Make Yourself. Just like Pardon Me or Drive, this single was one of the group's greatest successes, reaching, among other things, second place on "Modern Rock Tracks". The song is also featured on the "Naked 4-Play" compilation. It can be found in the game "Guitar Hero", as well as in downloadable content for "Guitar Hero 2" and "Guitar Hero: Smash Hits".
Yusuf Ishak was the 1st President of the Republic of Singapore from 1965 until his death and is depicted on all national banknotes. Politics Portal Politics Portal Singapore Portal Singapore Portal
The Toucan is a constellation in the southern hemisphere, slightly brighter than the other constellations in this part of the southern sky.
Maria Manuela Dias Ferreira Leite is a politician from Portugal, member of the Social Democratic Party, which she chaired from 2008 to 2010, former Minister of Education, then of Finance.
Harold Martin is a French politician, born April 6, 1954 in Nouméa, president of the government of New Caledonia from August 7, 2007 to June 5, 2009 and from March 3, 2011 to June 5, 2014. He is also president of the Congress of the Territory July 16, 1997 to June 3, 1998, May 21, 2004 to July 31, 2007 and May 22, 2009 to March 3, 2011.
EV Landshut is a German professional ice hockey club based in Landshut. He plays in 2. Bundesliga, the second German level.
The Seattle Seahawks are a National Football League American football franchise located in Seattle, Washington state in the northwestern United States. The franchise was founded in 1976 as an expansion team, at the same time than the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the National Football Conference before being transferred to the American Football Conference the following year.
Oberentfelden is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Aarau. Oberentfelden has an area of ​​7.2 km2 in 2006. The municipality is located in the district of Aarau in the lower valley of the Suhr.
Benjamin Geza Affleck, known as Ben Affleck, born August 15, 1972 in Berkeley, California, is an American actor, director, screenwriter and film producer. He is the older brother of actor and director Casey Affleck. In February 2013, he received the Golden Globe for best director and the Oscar for best film for Argo. In 2016, he is due to play Batman in Zack Snyder's Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice.
Cuyahoga County is the most populous of the eighty-eight counties in the state of Ohio, United States. The county seat is the City of Cleveland. As of the 2010 census, the population was 1,280,122. The county is part of Greater Cleveland, along with thirteen other counties, making up a major metropolis in northeastern Ohio. The name comes from a Native American word Cuyahoga, which means "hook river."
La La La is a song by the American band LMFAO, released on September 8, 2009. La La La is uptempo music mixed with electro-pop and dance with a synthpop influence from the 1980s. The music video has been released. November 25, 2009 on YouTube
Kyūshū is the third in size and the southernmost of Japan's four main islands. It is considered the birthplace of Japanese civilization.The name Kyūshū means nine provinces and evokes the old provinces that existed before the creation of the current prefectures in 1871, which were those of: Chikuzen, Chikugo, Hizen, Higo, Buzen, Bungo , Hyūga, Satsuma, and ō sumi.
The British blues boom is an artistic movement born in England in the early 1960s, which is part of the long history of English rock. It quickly gained international success, reaching the United States. It consisted of a discovery of the blues, both by European audiences and by pop music groups, who incorporated it into their music. This movement had a decisive influence on Western popular music in the second half of the 20th century.
Tears Dry on Their Own is the 4th single from Amy Winehouse's Back to Black album.
Canterbury, or in French also Canterbury, is a small city in Kent, in the south-eastern end of England, on the River Stour, 86.4 km distant from London. The last census, in 2001, attributed 42,258 inhabitants, making it one of the oldest cities in the country. It is the former capital of the Kingdom of Kent. Saint Augustine of Canterbury converted the city, along with King Æthelbert, and made it an episcopal see for him in 597.
Enrique Carlos Barón Crespo, born March 27, 1944 in Madrid, is a Spanish politician, member of the Spanish Socialist Workers Party. After being the Prime Minister of Transport under Felipe González, between 1982 and 1985, he was elected MEP in 1987 , then President of the European Parliament two years later. In 1999, he took over the presidency of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament, which he retained for five years, retiring from politics in 2009.
Æthelred II, known by the nickname "Malavoy", was twice King of England. Paradoxically, the Anglo-Saxon term Æthelred means well advised.
Steve Fisk is an American producer and sound engineer living in Washington. Participating in the grunge wave of the early 1990s, he produced Screaming Trees, Soundgarden and Nirvana in their early days.
Elisabeth of Tyrol or Elisabeth of Goritz, born around 1262 and died on October 28, 1312, is Queen of the Romans and Duchess of Austria by her marriage to Albert I of the Holy Empire.
Sabine Bergmann-Pohl, born April 20, 1946 in Eisenach, is a German politician, member of the CDU. She was the last head of state of the GDR, in 1990.
Konvicted is Akon's second studio album, released on November 14, 2006. This album features featurnigs from Eminem, Snoop Dogg, Styles P.
Alan Dukes, is an Irish politician. He was the leader of Fine Gael and Member of Parliament for Kildare Sud. He has the distinction of being one of only five deputies to have been appointed Minister on their first day in parliament. He lost his seat in the general elections of 2002. He was then appointed Director General of the Institute of European and International Affairs.
If I Fell is a Beatles ballad, composed by John Lennon and released on the band's third album, A Hard Day's Night. She is portrayed in the film of the same name, in a scene where Lennon tries to put Ringo Starr's smile back on the line, and the song, semi-autobiographical, is about Lennon's adulteries and his complicated relationship with his wife, Cynthia.
Lauri Kristian Relander was a Finnish politician. A member of the Agrarian Party, he was the second President of the Finnish Republic from 1925 to 1931.
Port is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Bern, located in the administrative district of Biel.
Bagnes is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Valais, located in the Entremont district.
Denges is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
Suffolk County is one of 62 counties in New York State, United States. It is located in the New York metropolitan area. The county seat is Riverhead.
Keri Lynn Hilson is an American R&B singer and songwriter under contract with Zone 4 / Mosley Music Group / Interscope Records. And is part of a group of songwriters and producers known as The Clutch.
Antiochos III Mégas, born around -242 and died in -187, is undoubtedly the most important ruler of the Seleucid dynasty of the Syrian-Iranian Greek Empire with its founder Seleucos I. His nickname of Megas comes from the title of Megas Basileus which he adopted.
Little Child is a Beatles song credited to Lennon / McCartney and found on the 1963 album With The Beatles.
The Song Remains the Same is a song by British hard rock band Led Zeppelin released in 1973 on the Houses of the Holy album released March 28, 1973.The song was originally an instrumental composed by Jimmy Page to which Robert Plant added lyrics about the universality of music. The song is built around Page's guitar which twirls with incredible virtuosity.
Tegucigalpa or Tégucigalpa is the capital and the most important city of Honduras. Its population is estimated at 1,090,000 in 2011. The inhabitants of Tegucigalpa are the Tegucigalpais.
Pierre-Gaston d'Orléans-Bragance, called in Lusophony Pedro de Alcantara Gastão de Orléans e Bragança, “prince of Orléans-Bragance”, was born on February 19, 1913, at the chateau d'Eu, in Normandy, France, and died on December 27, 2007 in Villamanrique de la Condesa, in the province of Seville, Spain. He was a head of the Petrópolis branch of the House of Orleans-Braganza and, as such, he is, for some Brazilian monarchists, "Pedro IV", Emperor of Brazil.
The Greece Under-21 Football Team brings together the Greek Under-21 players under the aegis of the Greek Football Association. Players must not be over the age of 21 at the start of the qualifying campaign for them. European football championships hopes. 23-year-old players who took part in the qualifications can therefore participate in this competition.
Bunmei Ibuki, born January 9, 1938 in Kyōto, capital of Kyōto Prefecture, is a Japanese politician, Speaker of the Japanese House of Representatives from 2012 to 2014, and a member of the Liberal Democratic Party, of which he is General Secretary from 2007 to 2008, he was responsible for important ministerial portfolios in the national government, including labor and education. In 2012, Bunmei Ibuki was elected speaker of the Japanese House of Representatives for the 46th legislature.
Audience is Ayumi Hamasaki's 18th single released under the Avex Trax label, or her 19th single in total including Nothing from Nothing.
Sophie-Dorothée of Hanover was Queen Consort of Prussia between 1713 and 1740 and Queen Mother of Prussia from 1740 to 1757. Daughter of George I of Great Britain, she became the wife of Frederick William I of Prussia and the mother of Frederick II of Prussia. 18th century portal 18th century portal Austrian portal Austria portal United Kingdom portal United Kingdom portal Lower Saxony portal Lower Saxony portal Berlin portal Berlin portal Portal of the monarchy Portal of the monarchy
The Vietnamese Communist Party, or Communist Party of Vietnam, is the current ruling party in Vietnam. It closely follows the Marxist-Leninist model.
Hey Bulldog is a Beatles song, drafted by John Lennon, credited to Lennon / McCartney and created in the studio with the participation of the whole group. It was recorded before their departure for India, between February 3 and 11, 1968, during sessions at Abbey Road studios, which also saw the birth of the titles Lady Madonna, The Inner Light and Across The Universe with various destinies in terms publication.
The Honorable Romuald Bourque was an industrialist, newspaper publisher and Member of Parliament from Quebec. Born in Ottawa, Ontario, Romuald Bourque learned the printing trade in Montreal where he later worked for the Montreal Herald. In 1920, he was one of the co-founders of the newspaper Le Nouvelliste in Trois-Rivières. He then became sales manager for the Mercury Press Limited company of Montreal in 1926, before becoming its vice-president in 1930.
With the Lights Out is a 3 CD and 1 DVD set of the American grunge band Nirvana, released in November 2004. The name of the compilation alludes to a passage from Smells Like Teen Spirit, the title that revealed the group to the great public. It mainly consists of unreleased, often lo-fi versions of certain songs.
Greater Sudbury, most often referred to simply as Sudbury and formerly known as Sainte-Anne-des-Pins, is a city in Ontario, Canada. It is located in Northern Ontario, with a notable Francophone population, which makes it an important Franco-Ontarian cultural center. According to the 2011 census, it is the 29th most populous agglomeration in Canada, and the 14th in Ontario.
Muri bei Bern, officially named Muri-Gümligen, is a town and municipality in the canton of Bern in Switzerland, located in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland.
Turn! Turn! Turn! is the second album of the American group The Byrds, released in 1965. Gene Clark left the group shortly after its release.
Léonard-David Sweezey Tremblay was a civil servant, journalist and federal politician from Quebec. Born in Chicoutimi in the Saguenay – Lac-Saint-Jean region, Mr. Tremblay took part in the First World War and the Second World War. Member of the Liberal Party of Canada for the federal riding of Dorchester in 1935, he was re-elected in 1940, 1945 and 1949.
Hyōgo Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan, located in the Kansai region and in the west-central part of the island of Honshū. It also extends over the natural island of Awaji and the man-made islands of Rokkō and Port Island. Its main city is Kobe. The other major urban centers are Himeji, Akashi and Amagasaki.
Holy Smoke is a single from the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden.
Michael J. Madigan, born April 19, 1942 in Chicago, is an American politician, member of the Democratic Party and current Speaker of the Illinois House of Representatives since 1997.
Avengers or The Avengers: The Movie in Quebec and New Brunswick is an American superhero film directed by Joss Whedon, released in 2012. It is based on the team of superheroes of the same name appearing in the comic book released by Marvel Comics and is the sixth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
The despotate of Morea is a territory of the Byzantine Empire founded in the middle of the 14th century on the Peloponnese peninsula, with the city of Mistra as its capital. The term “despotate” is formed from that of despot, which then designates at the court of Constantinople a member of the imperial family.
Be with you. is the 26esingle of BoA released on the Avex Trax label on February 20, 2008 in Japan. It reached 13th place in the Oricon ranking and remained classified for 5 weeks for a total of 15,636 copies sold. The song Be with you. can be found on the album The Face.Be with you. was used as the musical theme for the movie Inu to Watashi no 10 no Yakusoku.
The administrative district of Bastogne is one of the five administrative districts of the Belgian province of Luxembourg, located in the Walloon region. It has an area of ​​1,043.00 km2 and has a population of just over 45,000. The arrondissement is part of the judicial district of Luxembourg.
Beaumont is a city in the United States, located a few miles north of Lake Sabine and the Gulf of Mexico, in the state of Texas. Its population is 118,296 inhabitants in the city and 383,443 inhabitants in the urban area of ​​Beaumont-Port Arthur. Together with Port Arthur and Orange, they form the Golden Triangle, an important industrial sector in the Gulf of Mexico.
Passo do Verde is one of the ten districts into which the Brazilian city of Santa Maria is divided, in the state of Rio Grande do Sul.
Toledo is the fourth largest city in the state of Ohio, United States, with 287,208 residents. It is known through the history of its industry as the “City of Glass”. The Jeep has been manufactured there since 1941. Toledo is also known as the automotive accessories capital of the world. She made the world's first twinning with Toledo, Spain.
Ivor Léon John Bueb, born June 6, 1923 in East Ham, a suburb of London, and died August 1, 1959 in Clermont-Ferrand, is an English racing driver who twice wins the 24 Hours of Le Mans .
John Foster Dulles was an American diplomat, who served as the 51st Secretary of State from January 21, 1953 to April 22, 1959, under Republican President Dwight D. Eisenhower and a renowned geopolitician, he enshrined the notion of pushback from the USSR . He studied law to become a business lawyer.
Aldershot is a town in the English county of Hampshire, in the south-west of England. The town is administered by the Rushmoor District Council. Aldershot is known for its connection with the British Army, which established a base in the area for training military maneuvers in 1854. This quickly transformed this small village in a Victorian town. The military complex also includes the Aldershot Observatory.
Toledo is the fourth largest city in the state of Ohio, United States, with 287,208 residents. It is known through the history of its industry as the “City of Glass”. The Jeep has been manufactured there since 1941. Toledo is also known as the automotive accessories capital of the world. She made the world's first twinning with Toledo, Spain.
Music Box is a song by American rapper Eminem, taken from the re-release of Relapse album, Relapse: Refill released in 2009. Written and composed by Eminem, Dr. Dre, Mark Batson, Dawaun Parker and Trevor Lawrence, produced by Dr. Dre, it didn't come out as a single. The song is distributed by Interscope Records, Aftermath Entertainment, the label of Dr. Dre and Shady Records, label founded by Eminem and Paul Rosenberg. The song ranked eighty-second in the United States. The title, conceived as a horror film, refers to a number of facts.
"We Will Become Silhouettes" is a song by The Postal Service, and a single released on February 8, 2005 on the Sub Pop label. This is the third and last single from the album Give Up, released in 2003. Like the two previous singles, the illustration on the cover is by Kozyndan. A music video for "We Will Become Silhouettes" was directed by actor-director Jared Hess, best known for his movie Napoleon Dynamite.
Zaifeng, second prince Chun, was a Chinese prince and the father of the last emperor, Puyi, of Pujie and of Puren, the last heir to the current throne. Second son of Yixuan first prince of Chun, himself seventh son of Emperor Daoguang, he did not reign after the reign of his uncle Xianfeng, nor after that of his cousin Tongzhi. He tried to oppose the reign of Guangxu, but to no avail.
The Parish of Saint-James is both a civil parish and a Canadian local service district in Charlotte County, located in southwestern New Brunswick.
Uchter Knox was a British colonial administrator, governor of New Zealand from August 9, 1897 to June 20, 1904 Policy Portal Policy Portal British Empire Portal British Empire Portal New Zealand Portal New Zealand Portal from New Zealand
Jean de Bourgogne, born in Arras on June 11, 1403, died in Brussels on April 17, 1427, Duke of Brabant and Limbourg, Count of Hainaut, Holland and Zealand, son of Antoine de Brabant, Duke of Brabant and Limbourg , and Jeanne de Luxembourg, Countess of Saint-Pol and Ligny.
The London Borough of Islington is a district of Greater London. This constituency, founded in 1965 by the amalgamation of the districts of Islington and Finsbury, has a population of over 190,000 and consists of the following districts: Angel Barnsbury Canonbury Clerkenwell Finsbury Highbury, where the Emirates Stadium and Highbury Square Islington are located , where is Upper Street the main shopping avenue of the district Lower Holloway Nag's Head St Luke's Tufnell Park Upper Holloway
Ogden is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC de Memphrémagog in the Eastern Townships and includes the hamlets of Tomifobia and Graniteville.
Usotsuki is the 10th single by Aya Ueto released under the Pony Canyon label on November 17, 2004 in Japan. He reached 12th place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 19,015 copies in the first week, and remained listed for 5 weeks, for a total of 26,386 copies sold. Usotsuki and Ano Hito ni Aitai can be found on the remix album UETOAYAMIX and on the album Re .; Usotsuki is also on the Best of Aya Ueto: Single Collection compilation.
Phenomenal is a song by American rapper Eminem released in 2015. It is the first single from the soundtrack of the film La Rage au belly.
Kansas City is a city in the United States, the seat of Wyandotte County in Kansas. It is part of a federation of towns which also includes Bonner Springs and Edwardsville. According to the 2000 census, the city has a population of 146,866.Located at the junction of the Missouri and Kansas rivers, the city is across from Kansas City, Missouri, and is part of the Kansas City Metropolitan Area which is found on two states.
Saint-Julien-en-Genevois is a French commune located in the department of Haute-Savoie, in the Rhône-Alpes region.
Nassau County is one of 62 counties in New York State, United States. It is part of the New York metropolitan area. The county seat is Mineola.
Montherod is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
Modena FC is an Italian football club founded in 1912. The club's heyday came in 1947 when it finished fifth in the Italian Premier League football championship. In 2013-2014, Modène FC played in Serie B.
Charles III of Lorraine was Duke of Lorraine and Bar, the son of Duke Francis I and Christine of Denmark, niece of Emperor Charles V. On his accession at the age of two, his mother and his uncle, the Bishop of Metz, were jointly declared regents. Then placed under the tutelage of King Henry II of France, he was brought up at the court of the Valois and married at the age of sixteen, the royal princess Claude of France.
Wind It Up is a pop-rap song written by Gwen Stefani and Pharrell Williams. The song is an interpolation from the song The Lonely Goatherd, composed by Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II and taken from the musical The Melody of Happiness and the movie The Melody of Happiness.
Daimler AG, headquartered in Stuttgart, Germany, is an automobile and truck manufacturer as well as a financial services provider. DaimlerChrysler was born from the merger in 1998 of Daimler-Benz AG and Chrysler Corporation. In 2007, following the poor results of the group, the Chrysler branch of the group was sold and, in October, the renamed company Daimler AG.
The Czechoslovak Socialist Republic was the official name adopted by Czechoslovakia during the period when the country was ruled by an authoritarian Marxist-Leninist-inspired regime led by the Czechoslovak Communist Party.
Colombier is a municipality of Quebec located in the regional county municipality of La Haute-Côte-Nord and in the administrative region of Côte-Nord. It is accessed by Route 138.
Jeffrey Lane "Jeff" Flake is an American politician and member of the Republican Party. From 2001 to 2013, he sat in the United States House of Representatives. He is currently a member of the United States Senate.
What's Going On is the eleventh studio album by American soul singer Marvin Gaye released in 1971 on Tamla.
Sir Ninian Martin Stephen is an Australian politician who served as a Justice of the Supreme Court of Australia before becoming the 20th Governor General of Australia.
Zinaida Greceanîi is a Moldovan politician, born February 7, 1956 in the region of Tomsk, USSR. She was Prime Minister in office from March 31, 2008 to September 14, 2009.
Anne-Sophie of Denmark and Norway, born September 1, 1647, died July 1, 1717, Princess of Denmark and Norway.
Charles de France, Duke of Berry, is a son of France born in Versailles on August 31, 1686 and died in Marly-le-Roi on May 4, 1714.
Tryggvi Tórhallsson, born February 9, 1889 in Reykjavik and died July 31, 1935 in Reykjavik, was an Icelandic politician and Prime Minister. He was a member of the Progress Party. Iceland Portal Iceland Portal Politics Portal Politics Portal
Saint-Sévère is a Canadian parish municipality in Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Maskinongé and in the administrative region of Mauricie.
Ahmed Toufiq Hejira, born in 1959 in Oujda, is a Moroccan politician affiliated with the Istiqlal party. He was Minister of Housing and Habitat in the Jettou I, Jettou II and El Fassi governments from November 2002 to January 2012.
FigueresFigueras or Figueres is a town in northern Catalonia in Spain. It is the capital of the county of Alt Empordà in the province of Girona.
If You Only Knew is the eleventh single from the group Shinedown, released in 2009.
Elkhorn is a village in Manitoba located in the southwest of the province and landlocked in the Rural Municipality of Wallace. Elkhorn is approximately 105 km west of Brandon.
The People is a song by rapper Common. This is the 3rd single from his 7th album Finding Forever. Produced by Kanye West, this track made its first appearance on the latter's mixtape entitled Can't Tell Me Nothing.
The Major League Soccer Cup, also known as the MLS Cup, is the final of Major League Soccer, a premier league championship in the United States and Canada. It was created in 1996 and is played as a single game played on a defined field before the start of the season or according to the results in the regular season.
Hitzkirch is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Lucerne, located in the electoral district of Hochdorf. As of January 1, 2009, the municipalities of Hämikon, Mosen, Müswangen, Retschwil and Sulz are attached to Hitzkirch and they are abolished from that date.
Homberg is a municipality in the canton of Bern in Switzerland, located in the administrative district of Thun.
Ascona is a municipality in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Long Away is a single from the rock band Queen. Third track from the first side of the album A Day at the Races, the song is written and sung by Brian May. This is one of the few songs where Brian May uses a guitar other than his Red Special, a 1967 12-string Baldwin. The song has a nostalgic overtone, describing that "for every star in heaven there is a soul. sad here today ”.
Back from Cali is the second single from guitarist Slash's album Slash after By The Sword. "Back from Cali" is one of two songs on the album sung by Myles Kennedy, the other being "Starlight".
Charles-Frédéric was Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach from 1828 until his death. Son of Grand Duke Charles-Augustus of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach and Louise of Hesse-Darmstadt, he succeeded his father on his death. Under his reign, the cultural influence of the Weimar court did not diminish, attracting composers like Hummel or Liszt. The premiere of Richard Wagner's opera Lohengrin, conducted by Liszt, took place in Weimar on August 28, 1850.
Gaston Browne, born February 9, 1967 in Potters village on the island of Antigua, is the current Prime Minister of Antigua and Barbuda. He led the Antigua Labor Party, in opposition since 2004, to victory in the 2014 general election.
Tomasz Kazimierz Tomczykiewicz, born March 2, 1961 in Pszczyna and died November 28, 2015 in Katowice, is a Polish politician and member of the Civic Platform. He was chairman of the PO parliamentary group between July 2010 and November 2011.
Sulz is a town in Laufenburg and a former municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
The US city of Muskegon is the seat of Muskegon County, in the state of Michigan. It is the largest city on the eastern shore of Lake Michigan. Muskegon Lake is located to the north of the community. In the 2010 census, its population was 38,401 inhabitants. Total area: 46.7 km2.
The Hindú Club is an Argentinian sports club based in the province of Buenos Aires in Argentina.
James Stephen Smith is a professional Scottish ice hockey player. He also has Canadian nationality.
The North American Hockey League is an ice hockey league founded in 1996 in Quebec.
Eu is a French commune, located in the Seine-Maritime department in the Haute-Normandy region, and its inhabitants are the Eudois. The name of the town of Eu lends itself to a few puns. Thus, decorum wants us to say and write: "the mayor of the city of Eu". Eudois can thus take the train at the “Eu-la Mouillette station”. The cruciverbists recognize Eu as being the “Norman hole” in two letters.
Rock and Roll All Nite is a song by Kiss, often considered the group's anthem. Originally recorded on their album Dressed to Kill released in 1975, the song did not have much immediate success and we had to wait for the live version of the song on the album Alive! released the same year to make it a hit. Since then, Kiss has played Rock and Roll All Nite at each of his concerts, mostly as a closing song.
The Ark is a Swedish glam rock and shoegazing-pop group founded in 1991 in Växjö.
Ghosts I-IV, also known as Halo 26, is the seventh studio album by industrial metal band Nine Inch Nails, released on March 2, 2008. The team behind the project primarily included sole member Trent Reznor, studio collaborators Atticus Ross and Alan Moulder, and instrumental contributions from Alessandro Cortini, Adrian Belew and Brian Viglione.
Jody Scheckter is a former South African racing driver born January 29, 1950 in East London. He notably competed in 112 Formula 1 Grands Prix between 1972 and 1980, scoring a total of 255 points, signing 10 victories, 33 podiums, 5 fastest laps in the race and 3 pole positions. Jody Scheckter was crowned Formula 1 world champion in 1979.
Baba Yara Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium that is most often used for football and is located in Kumasi, Ghana. It is the home of the Ghanaian club, Asante Kotoko. The stadium underwent a major renovation for the 2008 CAN, which increased its capacity from 51,500 to 44,000. Ghana Portal
Salut 6 EP-5 is fifth short-term mission to Salyut 6 and ninth successful manned space flight to this station. Kubasov and Farkas returned to Earth aboard the Soyuz 37 ship.
Jean-Baptiste Kléber, born March 9, 1753 in Strasbourg and assassinated on June 14, 1800 in Cairo, Egypt, is a French general who distinguished himself during the wars of the French Revolution, particularly during the Vendée war and the Egyptian campaign.
The Football Club de Martigues is a French football club based in Martigues. The club is chaired by Vincent Caserta and is coached by Franck Priou, former star striker of the club martégal, for the 2014-2015 season.The club is playing for the 2014-2015 season in the French amateur football championship following his 18th place in National championship during the 2011-2012 season.
The region of Rabat-Salé-Kénitra is one of the twelve regions of Morocco since the territorial division of 2015. Its president since the elections of 2015 is Abdessamad Sekkal.
Prince Antoine Marie Philippe Louis d'Orléans, Duke of Montpensier, who became Don Antonio de Orleans, infant of Spain, was born July 31, 1824 in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France, died February 4, 1890, in Sanlúcar de Barrameda, in Spain, is a Franco-Spanish prince and a personality of the July Monarchy. A member of the Capetian house of Orleans, he is Duke of Galliera by donation from the Duchess Maria de Brignole-Sale.
Philippe V of France, known as "Philippe le Long" because of his large size, born around 1292/1293, died January 3, 1322 in Longchamp, was regent of France then king of France from 1316 to 1322, the fourteenth of the dynasty known as the direct Capetians. He was also King of Navarre under the name of Philip II of Navarre.
Tamtert is a town in the wilaya of Bechar in Algeria.
Rachid_ben_El-Hassan_Alaoui is the youngest son of King Hassan II and the brother of King Mohammed VI.
Bedretto is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Ticino.
Abdullah II, born January 30, 1962 in Amman, has been King of Jordan since February 7, 1999, when he succeeded his father, King Hussein. Abdullah was not destined to become king, the crown prince being, since 1965, Hassan, brother of King Hussein.
The Abomination is a supervillain belonging to the universe of Marvel Comics. Created by screenwriter Stan Lee and cartoonist Gil Kane, the fictional character first appeared in the comic book Tales to Astonish # 90 in 1967.
Britney Jean Spears is an American singer whose musical universe is mainly focused on pop music.According to the Recording Industry Association of America, Britney Spears would have sold a total of 34 million records in the United States, and 100 million records throughout the world, throughout his career until 2011. With two diamond records to his credit for his albums ... Baby One More Time and Oops! ...
Manchester Listen is a city and an urban area in the United Kingdom. It has had city status since 1853 and in 2008 had approximately 500,000 inhabitants. Its inhabitants are called Mancuniens. The city is at the heart of a large agglomeration of more than two and a half million inhabitants whose main cities are: Bury, Bolton, Rochdale, Oldham, Ashton-under-Lyne, Stockport, Salford, Altrincham, Wigan.
Rob S. Bowman is an American television producer and director, born May 15, 1960 in Wichita Falls, Texas, United States.
The Quevillaise Sports Union, also known as US Quevilly or more colloquially USQ, is a French football club founded in 1902, based in Petit-Quevilly.
Johannesburg is a city and a metropolis of South Africa, founded in 1887 in the Transvaal and current capital of the province of Gauteng, the richest in South Africa.The agglomeration of Johannesburg-Pretoria is one of the thirty metropolitan areas largest in the world with over 12 million inhabitants and is one of the six global cities in Africa.
Lanoraie is a Municipality of Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of Autray, in the administrative region of Lanaudière.
Anthony Philip Harford, known as Tony Martin, is a British singer and multi-instrumentalist born April 19, 1957. He is famous for having been the singer of the heavy metal band Black Sabbath from 1987 to 1991 and again from 1994 to 1996.
Pomona is a municipality in Los Angeles County. In the 2000 census, the city had a population of 149,473, in 2008, 162,255, it is the fifth largest city in Los Angeles County.
Slint is an independent American rock group formed in the late 1980s in Louisville. Despite a fairly short career, he marked the history of independent rock and is generally considered to be one of the pioneering groups of post-rock.
Felix Sturm, whose real name is Adnan Cati æ , is an original German boxer Bosnian n ed January 31, 1979 in Leverkusen, Germany.
Johannes Kappeyne van de Coppello, born in The Hague, October 2, 1822 and died in The Hague, July 28, 1895 was a Dutch politician.Liberal by signature and famous lawyer in The Hague, Jan Kappyene van de Coppello was known as a energetic and affable man, gifted debater, possessing a solid knowledge of law and a taste for work. Although a member of the Young Liberals, he became leader of the Liberals in the Lower House in 1876.
Wilkes-Barre is the county seat of Luzerne County in northern Pennsylvania and the central city in the Wyoming Valley.
Telugu is a language of India. It is spoken in the states of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, where it has official language status, as well as in Yanaon, in the Tamil hinterland, east of Karnataka, Maharashtra, Orissa.
Antony is a French commune, sub-prefecture of the Hauts-de-Seine department in the Île-de-France region. Until 1968, Antony was part of the Seine department. Watered by the Bièvre, a tributary of the Seine, Antony is located at a crossroads of very important roads, in particular the main north-south axis, which already existed 2,000 years ago.
Muhammad Khan Junejo, born August 18, 1932 in Sindhri and died March 16, 1993 in Baltimore, is a Pakistani politician. A member of the Muslim League of Pakistan, he was Prime Minister of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan from March 20, 1985 to May 29, 1988, during the presidency of Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq.
Lincoln is an American city, capital of the state of Nebraska, as well as the seat of Lancaster County. Its population was 258,379 inhabitants in the 2010 census, estimated at 287,401 inhabitants in 2018.
Humbert II of Savoy, known as the Reinforced, born after 1065 and died on October 14, 1103 in Moûtiers en Tarentaise, is the 6th count of Savoy and Maurienne from 1080 to 1103 and marquis of Suse. He is the son of Amédée II of Savoy and Joan of Geneva, daughter of the Count of Geneva Gérold II. Its nickname comes from the remarkable size and weight at that time.
Pierre-Alphonse or Pedro Afonso of Brazil, born July 19, 1848 and died January 10, 1850, was the Imperial Prince and heir apparent to the throne of the Empire of Brazil. Born at the Palace of Saint Christopher in Rio de Janeiro, he was the second son and last child of Emperor Peter II of Brazil and Thérèse-Christine of Bourbon-Siciles, and therefore a member of the Brazilian branch of the House of Braganza .
Rachid Sfar, born September 11, 1933 in Mahdia, is a Tunisian politician.Appointed Prime Minister to restore the country's finances, he is the penultimate head of government of President Habib Bourguiba, being dismissed a month before the dismissal of the last.
Richard Hawley, born January 17, 1967 in Sheffield, England, is a British singer who has worked for Pulp. He is a songwriter classified in the genre of folk rock and psychedelic rock.
The New Zealand rugby union team, nicknamed the "Kiwis", is the team that represents New Zealand in major international rugby union competitions. It is considered one of the best national selections in the world. In January 2007, she was second in the ranking of national rugby union teams.
Drop the World is a song by American rapper Lil Wayne with the participation of another rapper of the same nationality, Eminem. Featured on Lil Wayne's seventh album, Rebirth, it serves as the album's third single. Drop the World was uploaded to iTunes on December 28, 2009. At the 52nd Grammy Awards, Lil Wayne, Eminem and Travis Barker performed the track just before Forever with Drake.
The Eastern Development Region - in Nepalese: is one of the 5 development regions of Nepal, it is subdivided into 3 zones and 16 districts: Koshi, which groups the districts of: Bhojpur, Dhankuta, Morang, Sankhuwasabha, Sunsari, Terhathum Mechi, which groups the districts of: Ilam, Jhapa, Panchthar, Taplejung Sagarmatha, which groups the districts of: Khotang, Okhaldhunga, Saptari, Siraha, Solukhumbu, Udayapur Nepal portal Nepal portal
Theodor Anton Blank, born September 19, 1905 in Elz and died May 14, 1972 in Bonn, was a German politician and member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany. After World War II, he helped found the CDU in Westphalia and the German Confederation of Trade Unions.
Berkåk Station is a railway station on the Dovre line; the station is located in the village of Berkåk which is attached to the municipality of Rennebu. The station was operated under the provisional name of Birka Aker until December 23, 1915. Since 1968 the station has been automated.
Glamorous Sky is the 16th single by Mika Nakashima released under Sony Music Associated Records on August 31, 2005 in Japan. This is the first single under the name Nana starring Mika Nakashima. Mika Nakashima appears as Nana Ôsaki on the cover art. He reached 1st place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 120,202 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 28 weeks, for a total of 444,067 copies sold.
Parisville is a municipality of Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of Bécancour and the administrative region of Center-du-Quebec.
Masayoshi ō Hira is a Japanese politician n e 12 March 1910 to Kan'onji in Kagawa Prefecture and died June 12, 1980 in Tokyo. He was the 43rd Prime Minister of Japan from December 7, 1978 until his death on June 12, 1980. A Roman Catholic, he is the fourth Japanese head of government of this denomination and the sixth Christian. He went to Washington in 1979.
The Honorable David Robert Peterson, PC, LL.B., BA is a Canadian politician. He was the 20th premier of Ontario from June 26, 1985 to October 1, 1990. He was the first Liberal to lead the government in 42 years. He is the husband of actress Shelley Peterson, and her younger brother Jim Peterson, formerly a federal Liberal MP and cabinet minister.
Peter Müller, born September 25, 1955 in Illigen, is a German politician member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany. After studying law and a short career as a judge, he was elected in 1990 deputy to the Landtag of the Saar and five years later became the leader of the parliamentary opposition. In the 1999 elections he won an absolute majority, the first for the CDU in nearly a quarter of a century. He is then invested Minister-President.
Mark Giordano is a professional Canadian ice hockey player.
Andrew Hozier-Byrne, aka Hozier, born March 17, 1990, is an Irish musician from Bray, County Wicklow.
The Council for the Development of French in Louisiana recommends the spelling Baton Rouge or Baton-Rouge, but these spellings with circumflex accent are little used. The name Baton Rouge is the most used, even in the French-speaking world, in particular by dictionaries and encyclopedias in French.
Fulham is a district of London located in the district of Hammersmith and Fulham, 3.7 miles southwest of Charing Cross. Fulham was once the seat of the Diocese of "Fulham and Gibraltar", and Fulham Palace the home of the Bishop of London, whose gardens are now divided between a public park and an elegant botanical garden.The area is home to three Premiership football clubs: Fulham Football Club, Chelsea Football Club and Queens Park Rangers Football Club.
Suva is the capital of Fiji. It had 74,481 inhabitants at the census in 2007. Including the suburbs, the population of the urban area of ​​Suva was 85,691 at the same census. It is located on the southeast coast of the island of Viti Levu, in the Central Division of Fiji, for which it is the administrative center.
Sweet Dreams is a Eurythmics album, released in 1983.
Linas Antanas Linkevi č ius, born January 6, 1961 in Vilnius, then in the Soviet Union, is a Lithuanian politician and member of the Lithuanian Social Democratic Party. He has been Minister of Foreign Affairs since December 13, 2012.
Kanye Omari West is an American rap singer-songwriter, producer, director, and designer from Chicago, Illinois. West stood out in his early days as a producer for the Roc-A-Fella label, for his work on Jay-Z's The Blueprint album, as well as for his work with internationally renowned artists such as as Ludacris, Alicia Keys or Janet Jackson.
The West Pomeranian Voivodeship is one of the 16 administrative regions of Poland.
Drive My Car is a Beatles song written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney. She opens the group's sixth album, Rubber Soul, released on December 3, 1965 in the United Kingdom. Composed primarily by Paul McCartney, it was completed with the help of John Lennon for the lyrics. One of the first songs recorded by the Beatles for Rubber Soul, she was lying on tape on October 13, 1965.
Shotter's Nation is the second Babyshambles album which was released on October 1, 2007. Promotion of the album began from September 17, 2007 with the release of the first single Delivery. The album is a mix of Indie Rock, Jazz, Garage rock and Britpop. This album is very inspired by the Beatles, Kinks and Smiths.
Philippe II, known as “Philippe Auguste”, born August 21, 1165 in Paris and died in Mantes on July 14, 1223, is the seventh king of the so-called direct Capetian dynasty.
Harrison Hagan "Jack" Schmitt, born July 3, 1935 in Santa Rita, New Mexico, is a geologist, astronaut, and former United States senator. He was the twelfth and last man and the only civilian to set foot on the moon, during the Apollo 17 program.
Gold Cobra is Limp Bizkit's sixth studio album, released on June 24, 2011. This opus marks the return of the entire original line-up, following the departure of guitarist Wes Borland following the release of The Unquestionable Truth. 2010, the unofficial list of titles is posted by Durst on Twitter along with four video teasers of a few seconds each. You can also find a video on YouTube where Fred drives while listening to Shark Attack.
Jules Joseph, baron of Anethan is a Belgian politician. Founding member of the Catholic party from the judiciary, he was Minister of Justice on two occasions, briefly Minister of the Interior, Minister of War, and Prime Minister from 1870 to 1871. During his career, he was a member of the House of Representatives and especially the Senate, of which he was the president from 1885 to 1888.
Hawkgirl is the name of several characters belonging to the DC Comics universe. Shiera Sanders is created by Gardner Fox & Sheldon Moldoff in Flash Comics # 1 in January 1940. The same authors will create Shiera Hall as Hawkgirl in All Star Comics # 5 in June 1941. Hawkwoman is created by Gardner Fox & Joe Kubert in The Brave and the Bold # 34 in February-March 1961.
Jeanne-Mance – Viger is a provincial electoral district in Quebec. This riding is located in the administrative region of Montreal and is currently represented by the liberal Filomena Rotiroti.
Saint-Quentin is a French commune, sub-prefecture and capital of canton, of the department of Aisne in the region of Picardy. It is located on the Somme. With the largest population of the department, it is the second most populous municipality in the region. It was voted the sportiest city in France in 2011.
Soyuz 37 is a manned flight in the space program of the Soviet Union that took place from July 23 to October 11, 1980.
General Artur Ivens Ferraz, was a Portuguese soldier and politician. He served in the Portuguese Expeditionary Force during Portuguese participation in World War I in France. He was later Governor General of Mozambique, Minister of Commerce, Colonies and Finance. He also served as Prime Minister from July 8, 1929 until January 21, 1930.
Brigue-Glis, called in German Brig-Glis, is a town and municipality in Switzerland in the canton of Valais, located in the district of Brigue of which it is the capital.
Saints-Anges is a municipality in the regional county municipality of La Nouvelle-Beauce in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches. The village had 1,061 inhabitants in 2006. The municipality of Saints-Anges is one of those that have developed the most over the past 15 years in Beauce.The village is named in honor of the three archangels: Saint Gabriel, Saint Raphael and Saint Michael.
Elisabeth of Austria,, was an Archduchess of Austria and Princess of Hungary and Bohemia, who became, by marriage, Queen Consort of Poland and Grand Duchess Consort of Lithuania.
Cosmo's Factory is the fifth album by California band Creedence Clearwater Revival, released on July 16, 1970 on Fantasy Records and produced by John Fogerty.
South Karelia is the name of a region in the south-eastern part of Finland, belonging to the province of Southern Finland. Its capital is Lappeenranta.The region is the 16th most populous region in the country and is ranked 13th in terms of area.
Jefferson Davis, commonly known as Jeff Davis, born May 6, 1862 in Little River County and died January 3, 1913 in Little Rock, is an American Democratic politician. He was Governor of Arkansas between 1901 and 1907 and then Senator of the same State between 1907 and 1913.
Blue Velvet is a popular song written in 1950 by Bernie Wayne and Lee Morris. It was first performed in 1951 by Tony Bennett and then four years later by the group Rhythm and blues The Clovers. The title has since been covered many times, including by Bobby Vinton in 1963, Trini Lopez and more recently by Lana Del Rey whose version was used in an H&M commercial.
Myllypuro is a section of the Vartiokylä district of Helsinki, the capital of Finland. Myllypuro is also a district which only contains the eponymous section.
Saint-Alphonse-Rodriguez is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Matawinie in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Lanaudière. It is named in honor of the Spanish saint Alphonse Rodriguez.
Bernard Chenot is a senior French official and politician, born May 20, 1909 in Paris and died June 5, 1995. He was Minister of Justice and Vice-President of the Council of State.
Turn to Stone is an Electric Light Orchestra song taken from the album Out of the Blue, released in 1977. It is the first single from that album, with Mister Kingdom on the B side. United States and 18th in the United Kingdom. Rock portal Rock portal Music portal Music portal • Song section
Love Me Like You Do is a song by Ellie Goulding, released on January 19, 2015 as a single from the soundtrack to the film Fifty Shades of Gray. It exceeded the billion views mark on YouTube on February 29, 2016. The clip is broadcast with the signage "not recommended for children under 10" on D17 / CSTAR.
Hendschiken is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Lenzburg.
Marguerite d'Anjou, Princess of Lorraine and Bar, was the wife of King Henry VI of England. She was therefore queen consort of England from 1445 to 1461 and then from 1470 to 1471.
Saint-Blaise-sur-Richelieu is a municipality of Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of Haut-Richelieu, in the administrative region of Montérégie. It is named in honor of Blaise de Sébaste.
The Iranian football championship, known as the Pro Iran League, or the Persian Gulf Cup, is an annual competition since 1960 between the top eighteen football clubs in Iran.
Androulla Vassiliou, born November 30, 1943, is a Cypriot politician, member of the United Democrats and currently European Commissioner for Education since February 10, 2010. After being First Lady of Cyprus from 1988 to 1993, she was elected Member of Parliament in 1996 then 2001 and actively participates in the harmonization of Cypriot legislation with Community law.
Yellowknife has been the capital of the Northwest Territories in Canada since 1967.
Louis Armstrong, born August 4, 1901 in New Orleans, Louisiana, and died July 6, 1971 in New York, also known by the nicknames Satchmo or Pops, is an American jazz musician. From an African-American folklore music rooted in gospel and traditional blues and locked in a land, Armstrong made a national and popular musical movement with a universal vocation.
America is a song by Simon and Garfunkel, released in 1968 on the album Bookends, then as a single in 1972 to promote the compilation Simon and Garfunkel's Greatest Hits. This single ranked 97th on the Billboard Hot 100 and was notably covered by the progressive rock band Yes in 1971. Their version, released as a single, ranked 46th.
The Kenya African National Union is a political party in Kenya born in 1960 from the alliance of three other parties: the Kenya African Union, the Kenya Independent Movement and the People's Congress Party. Jomo Kenyatta, who was the chairman and founder of KAU , becomes its first president
Soyuz 27 is the name of a Soyuz mission to the Russian station Salyut 6.
Bruno Tobback, is a Belgian politician, Dutch-speaking, current President of the sp.a. Son of Louis Tobback, he was born on August 22, 1969 in Louvain.
Hard Luck Woman is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss, the first single from the Rock and Roll Over album released in 1976. The song was written by Paul Stanley, originally intended for Rod Stewart but the latter did not. found no interest in singing it, so Kiss decided to keep it to themselves.
Bûyides or Buwayhides or Bouyides or Bouides, is the name given to a Shiite dynasty which reigned in Persia and in Iraq-Adjemi in the 10th and 11th centuries, from.
Wee Kim Wee was the 4th President of the Republic from September 2, 1985 to September 1, 1993 Singapore Portal Singapore Portal Politics Portal Politics Portal
Rete Ferraria Italiana, or RFI, is a private law company, created on April 9, 2001 and operational on July 1, 2001, the origin of which is due to the application of European Directive 91/440 relating to the separation of companies of management of the railway network and of the companies of transport of people and things, which was until then the nationalized company FS - Italian Railways.
The National Salvation Front was created in the summer of 1989 as a political organization, underground until the fall of Nicolae Ceau ș escu in December of the same year, taking power through the Council of the National Salvation Front. The following year, the front transformed into a political party and obtained 85% of the vote in the first free elections in May 1990.
Wanted Dead or Alive is a song from Bon Jovi's 1986 album Slippery When Wet. The song was written by Jon Bon Jovi and Richie Sambora and was released in 1987 as the album's third single. The text evokes the life of the group's troubadour, while the music was created with the desire, according to Richie Sambora, to rehabilitate the twelve-string guitar in rock. According to singer Jon Bon Jovi, it is also a tribute on his part to characters from the Wild West, such as Lucky Luke and Billy the Kid.
The province of Teruel is one of the three provinces of the autonomous community of Aragon, in eastern Spain. Its capital is the city of Teruel.
Richelieu is a city in the regional county municipality of Rouville in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Montérégie. Its name comes from the fact that it is stuck on the Richelieu River. It is crossed by Route 112, Autoroute 10 and Chemin des Patriotes. It was populated by 5,502 inhabitants in 2014.
The University of Adelaide is a public university located in the city of Adelaide in South Australia.
MŠK Ž ilina is a Slovakian football club based in Ž ilina. The N é Dutch Frans Adelaar is coach since April 2012. The club é holds the record for the heaviest of e made at home in the Champions League.
Saint-Jacques-le-Mineur is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Les Jardins-de-Napierville in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Montérégie. It is named in honor of the apostle Saint James the Minor, son of Alpheus.
Tessellate is a song by English indie pop group Alt-J from their debut studio album An Awesome Wave. Released on July 13, 2012 on the Infectious and Atlantic labels, the song was written by Joe Newman, Gus Unger-Hamilton, Gwilym Sainsbury, Thom Green and produced by Charlie Andrew.
Lorrainville is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of Témiscamingue in Abitibi-Témiscamingue.
José Miguel Carrera was a Chilean general of Basque origin, a predominant member of the Carrera family and one of the fathers of Chile's independence from the Kingdom of Spain, commanding the Patriots in the War of independence of Chile.After the country's independence, he was made president of the junta of the provisional government in 1812-1813.
John Mondy Shimkus, born February 21, 1958 in Collinsville, is an American politician and member of the Republican Party. He currently sits in the United States House of Representatives where he has already successively represented three different districts.
Free Free / Super Music Maker is a "double-sided A" single released in 2007, attributed to Ami Suzuki joins Yasutaka Nakata, a seemingly occasional collaboration between singer Ami Suzuki and musician Yasutaka Nakata of the capsule group.
George Mason University is an American university located in Fairfax County, Virginia, on the outskirts of Washington. Founded in 1957 as a branch of the University of Virginia, it became an independent institution in 1972.
The Chameleon is a constellation in the southern hemisphere. These are several pale stars that have been linked together to form a very inconspicuous chameleon, located near the south celestial pole. Its brightest star is α Chameleontis.
Hi Records is an American record label of rockabilly, then soul music, founded in Memphis in 1957 by Ray Harris, Joe Cuoghi, Bill Cantrell and Quinton Claunch. The label was sold to Cream Records in 1977.
Howard University is an American university located in Washington, nicknamed Black Harvard. It was founded in 1867 and named after Oliver O. Howard.
Jon Bon Jovi, whose real name is John Francis Bongiovi, is an American musician and actor, born March 2, 1962 in Perth Amboy. Jon Bon Jovi is the singer and the founder of the group Bon Jovi. To date, he has sold over 130 million albums as a group and 10 million as a solo artist.
Mauna Pekkala, born January 27, 1890 in Sysmä and died June 30, 1952 in Helsinki, is a Finnish statesman, member of the Finnish People's Democratic League.
The Honorable Alexander John Gosse Downer, born September 9, 1951 in Adelaide, is an Australian Liberal politician who served as Australian Foreign Minister from March 1996 to December 2007, the longest serving as Foreign Minister in the Australian history. He was also Leader of the Federal Opposition for eight months in 1994 and 1995, being the shortest Leader of the Federal Opposition in Liberal Party history.
Chris Carter, born October 13, 1957 in Bellflower, is an American screenwriter and director.
Pizy is a former Swiss commune and locality in the canton of Vaud, located on the territory of the commune of Aubonne.
Jambyn Batmonkh was a Mongolian politician, former Secretary General of the Mongolian Communist Party, Prime Minister and Head of State under the Communist regime of the Mongolian People's Republic.Batmonkh joined the Mongolian Communist Party, known as the Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party in 1948 and begins its political ascent.
Francis William Reitz was a South African Boer lawyer and politician, President of the Orange Free State from 1889 to 1895, Secretary of State for the Transvaal from 1898 to 1902 then President of the Union Senate of South Africa from 1910 to 1921.
California Girls is a song written by Mike Love and Brian Wilson and recorded by the Beach Boys for their 1965 album Summer Days. This song was covered in 1985 by David Lee Roth. Perhaps one of the most extravagant covers is that of the Finnish group. Leningrad Cowboys, who covered the song in with the Red Army Choirs, for the studio albums Happy Together and live Total Balalaika Show. Music portal Music portal • Song section
Kyrgyz or Kyrgyz is a language belonging to the Turkish language group of the Altaic language family. From a typological point of view, it is an agglutinating language. It is spoken in Central Asia, mainly Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Xinjiang and Afghanistan. Kyrgyz is spoken by around 3 million people.
Mohammed Idris El-Mahdi El-Sanussi, born March 12, 1889 in Jaghboub in the Governorate of Cyrenaica and died May 25, 1983 in Cairo, was King of Libya from December 24, 1951 to September 1, 1969 under the name of Idris I .
The special territory of Yogyakarta, in Indonesian Daerah Istimewa Yogyakarta, is an administrative subdivision of Indonesia of 1st level, equal to that of the province. It is made up of the former Sultanate of Yogyakarta, one of the four Vorstenlanden still existing in Java at the time of the Dutch East Indies. Its capital is the city of Yogyakarta.
The Evil that Men Do is a single from the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden.
Ropraz is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Broye-Vully. Cited in 1234, it was part of the Oron district from 1798 to 2007. The town was populated by 390 inhabitants in 2013.
Yitzhak Ben-Zvi, is an Israeli politician. He was the second president of the State of Israel from December 8, 1952 to April 23, 1963. He played a decisive role in the fields of labor, defense and guard of the country. He is one of the founders of the Poale Zion movement in whose newspaper he writes numerous articles.
óscar Luis Castañeda Lossio born June 22, 1945 in Chiclayo, is a Peruvian politician. He was mayor of Lima from 2003 to 2010 and again elected for the period 2015-2018.
The wilaya of Ghardaïa,, is an Algerian administrative subdivision located in the northern part of the Algerian Sahara and includes the Mzab valley which is part of the world heritage.
Yves Cochet, born February 15, 1946 in Rennes, is a French politician, member of the Greens and then of Europe écologie Les Verts. He was deputy for Val-d'Oise from 1997 to 2002, then for the 11th constituency of Paris from June 2002 to December 2011. He was president of the group of the Democratic and Republican Left in the National Assembly during this last term. He was MEP from 2011 to 2014.
Dinamo Minsk is an ice hockey club in Minsk, Belarus. He plays in the KHL.
From Here to Eternity is a single by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden. It is the fourth track in the 'Charlotte the Harlot' saga.
Shiga is a prefecture of Japan located in the center of Honshū.
Us and Them is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd written by Roger Waters and composed by Rick Wright, with David Gilmour on vocals. She appears on the Dark Side of the Moon album, released in 1973.
The city of Evansville is the seat of Vanderburgh County, located in the State of Indiana, United States. According to the 2010 census, it has 117,429 inhabitants. It is bordered by the Ohio River to the south and sits at the crossroads between the two oceans and between the Gulf of Mexico and the Great Lakes. Evansville has been described as the city with the highest proportion of obese residents in the United States.
Vermilion is a song by the metal band Slipknot. This is the second single from their third album, Vol. 3:.
Chrysler Group LLC is an American company controlling several automobile brands: Chrysler, Dodge, Ram trucks, Jeep, Mopar, SRT and Green Eco Mobility. This company has been owned by the Italian Fiat group since 2009.
The first battle at Bull Run, also called the first battle of Manassas, which took place on July 21, 1861, is one of the first battles of the American Civil War. In the battle, the Union's armies, led by General Irvin McDowell, and the Confederation, led by Generals Johnston and Beauregard, faced each other. The Confederate army won the battle.
The Football Club de Rouen 1899 is a French football club, founded in 1899 in Rouen, Haute-Normandie, from its early years, the club established itself as the main rival in Normandy of Le Havre AC, one of the best teams in France from the moment.
Saint-Jacques-de-Leeds is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC des Appalaches in Chaudière-Appalaches.
Brisbane Roar FC is an Australian football club based in Brisbane and playing in the A-League. The title of this club, which has the lion as its emblem, means the Roar of Brisbane.
The New Guinea Campaign was, during World War II, one of the theaters of the Pacific War. It took place in parallel with the Solomon Islands campaign; some operations were common to both campaigns, due to the proximity of the territories. The territory of New Guinea, with a large area suitable for large land sites, and air, as for naval bases, was strategically important.
The Center Region is one of the ten regions of Cameroon, located in the center of the country. Its capital is Yaoundé, which is also the capital of the country.
The Element of Freedom is the fourth studio album by American singer Alicia Keys, also a singer-songwriter released on December 11, 2009. The album was produced and directed by Alicia Keys, Jeff Bhasker, Swizz Beatz, Noah "40" Shebib, and Kerry "Krucial" Brothers. The album debuted at number 2 on the US Billboard 200, with 417,000 copies in the first week.
The Vestfossen train station is located in the municipality of Øvre Eiker and 75.79 km from Oslo. The station was commissioned in 1871 when the Randsfjord line was ready.
Giani Zail Singh. He was the President of India from July 25, 1982 to July 25, 1987 and the first Sikh to achieve such an honor.
The University of Wyoming is located in Laremie, Wyoming, USA. Opened on September 6, 1887, the university is the only institution in the state of Wyoming that offers undergraduate and graduate education together. Established at an altitude of 2200 meters above sea level, the university has the highest university campus in the USA.
Moffet is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of Témiscamingue in Abitibi-Témiscamingue.
The Navy Cross is the second highest medal awarded by the Navy and the second highest American award for combat valor after the Medal of Honor. It is generally reserved for members of the US Army in the Navy, Marines or Coast Guard but can nevertheless be offered to members of the Army or Air.
Bad is a single from David Guetta and the Showteks, in collaboration with singer Vassy. The song was written by David Guetta, Sjoerd Janssen, Wouter Janssen, Giorgio Tuinfort, Ossama Al Sarraf, Ned Shepard, Nick Turpin, Manian and Vassy. It is produced by David Guetta and Showtek.
Paul Lücke, born November 13, 1914 in Schöneborn and died August 10, 1976 in Erlangen, is a West German politician of the Christian Democratic Union. Federal Member of the Bundestag, where he chaired the Committee on Reconstruction and Housing from 1949 to 1972, he was Federal Minister of Housing between 1957 and 1965, then Federal Minister of the Interior from 1965 to 1968.
Nancy 2 University is a French university created in 1970. With 18,770 students in 2005, it is a multidisciplinary university focused mainly on human and social sciences, which offers, beyond initial training, a wide range of continuing education programs and open and distance learning.
The Prime Minister is the head of government of Papua New Guinea. His function was established at the time of the country's independence, by article 142 of the Constitution which entered into force on September 16, 1975. Papua New Guinea being a kingdom of the Commonwealth, this function is similar to that of the Prime Minister from the United Kingdom, from which it is inspired.
Andy Warhol, born August 6, 1928 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and died in New York on February 22, 1987, is an American artist who belongs to the pop art movement, an artistic movement of which he is one of the innovators. Warhol is known around the world through his work as a painter, music producer, author, avant-garde films, and through his links with intellectuals, Hollywood celebrities and wealthy aristocrats. Although Warhol's work remains controversial, he has been the subject of multiple exhibitions, books, and films since his death.
William Morgan "Bill" Cassidy, born September 28, 1957 in Highland Park, is an American physician and politician, member of the Republican Party, and Senator from Louisiana to the United States Congress since 2015.
Tide Head is a village in Restigouche County, located in northern New Brunswick.
Edmund Rüdiger Stoiber, born September 28, 1941 in Oberaudorf, Bavaria, is a German politician and member of the Christian Social Union in Bavaria. He entered the Bavarian Landtag in 1974, and four years later was appointed general secretary of the CSU under the chairmanship of Franz Josef Strauß and as such leads his harsh campaign against Helmut Schmidt and the social-liberal coalition for the 1980 federal elections.
Elizabeth Davidson Fraser is a British singer born August 29, 1963 in Grangemouth, near Falkirk in Scotland. She is particularly known for her ethereal voice which was the hallmark of the Cocteau Twins in the 1980s. Fraser has a soprano vocal range. Her voice is considered an instrument in its own right. By qualifying it, some journalists baptized it "The voice of God," or "The voice of the risen God".
The Algerian Football Federation is an association bringing together Algerian football clubs and organizing national competitions and international matches for the Algerian selection. The Algerian national federation was founded in 1962. It has been affiliated with FIFA since 1963 and member of CAF since 1964. Its President has been Mohamed Raouraoura since February 2009. This is his second and last at a regional level called "Critérium".
BMG Entertainment, founded in 1987, was a major record player until it merged with Sony Music Entertainment in 2005. BMG then became part of the new entity, Sony BMG. On October 1, 2008, Sony Music Entertainment took over Bertelsmann's share of the Sony BMG Music entertainment label.
American Idiot is a song by the American punk rock band Green Day. It is the first song and the first single from their seventh studio album, American Idiot, released on September 21, 2004.
Phot Phahonyothin is a Thai general who served as the 2nd Prime Minister of Thailand from 1933 to 1938.
Val-Saint-Gilles is a municipality in Quebec, in the regional county municipality of Abitibi-Ouest in the Abitibi-Témiscamingue administrative region. It is named in honor of Gilles l'Ermite.
Wenceslas I Dynasty P ř emyslides says Borgne is é read King Boh ê me in 1226 and crowned ed in 1228.
Anna Jagellon, born in 1523 and died in 1596 is Queen of Poland from 1575 to 1586. She is the daughter of the King of Poland Sigismund I the Elder, and the wife of Stephen Báthory. She was elected, with the latter, as co-monarch of the second elections of the Republic of the Two Nations. She is the last reigning member in Poland and Lithuania of the Jagiellonian dynasty.
The Toronto Raptors are a professional NBA basketball team based in Toronto. Since 2002, it has been the only NBA franchise to be located outside the United States, in this case in Canada.
Tibetan is a language spoken by several million speakers in ancient Tibet, the Tibetan-populated areas of Qinghai, Gansu, Sichuan, and Yunnan in the People's Republic of China, and in parts of surrounding countries, the Himalayas and Central Asia, such as Ladakh and Sikkim in India, Pakistani Baltistan, Bhutan and northern Nepal.
The American University of Beirut is a private, independent, non-sectarian university founded in 1866 in Beirut, the capital of Lebanon. It was founded by American Protestant missionaries in 1886.
Nelly, real name Cornell Haynes Jr., is an American rapper who emerged in the early 2000s.
Exodus '04 is Utada's third single, released in 2005.
Burton upon Trent, also known as Burton-on-Trent or simply Burton, is a town on the River Trent on the eastern edge of the county of Staffordshire, England.
The Distinguished Service Cross is a military decoration of the United States of America, which was created by an act of Congress on July 9, 1918.The Distinguished Service Cross is awarded to anyone who has served in the United States forces and who distinguished herself by a heroic act which could not, however, justify the attribution of the Medal of Honor.The Distinguished Service Cross can be awarded to a person not belonging to the American armed forces but who is enlisted in the ranks of a force friend fighting an enemy the United States is also at war with.
Inna, whose real name is Elena Alexandra Apostoleanu, was born on October 16, 1986 in Mangalia, Romania, is a Romanian pop dance singer and dancer. She started working with producers Play & Win in 2008.
HockeyAllsvenskan is the second level of the Swedish ice hockey championship. It is made up of fourteen teams. The top three teams in the championship qualify for the Kvalserien, an end-of-season tournament allowing second-division teams to enter the Swedish first-division championship, the Elitserien, which was broadcast until 2009 on TV4. Sport, sports channel of the audiovisual group TV4.
Aubagne is a French commune, located in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Aubagne is the main city of the agglomeration of the Pays d'Aubagne et de l'Etoile. Fifth town in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in terms of its population. It produces santons from Provence.
Bell Media, formerly Bell Globemedia, then CTVglobemedia, is a Canadian company founded in 2001 whose business sectors are mainly concentrated in television and publishing.
Daniel Christopher Burbank is a NASA astronaut. He was born on July 27, 1961 in Manchester.
Havana is the capital, port and economic center of Cuba. The city is also one of the fourteen Cuban provinces. The city / province has 2.4 million inhabitants, while the metropolitan area has over 3.7 million, making Havana the largest city in the Caribbean.
The University of South Carolina is the largest state university in South Carolina, United States. With more than 200 years of history and tradition, it was built in Columbia around a building that has today become the heart of its main campus: the Horseshoe. The university currently has over 40,000 students and is located in Columbia, the state capital. Other campuses are located in Aiken, Spartanburg and Beaufort.
When I Come Around is a song by American punk band Green Day and the fourth single from their third album, Dookie, released in 1994. The song was released as a single in early 1995 and was a big hit. She was a major contributor to the album's success with the songs Longview and Basket Case, reaching No. 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay.
The Yorubas or Yoroubas are a large ethnic group in Africa, mainly present in Nigeria, on the right bank of the Niger River, but also in Benin, Ghana, Ivory Coast where they are called Anango, and Togo.
South Sudan, in the long form the Republic of South Sudan, is a federal state in East Africa, independent from Sudan since July 9, 2011, whose capital and largest city is Juba.
Ramón Carrizales is a Venezuelan politician and soldier, born in Zaraza on November 8, 1952. He held various positions in the government of Hugo Chávez.
John Bryson, born July 24, 1943 in New York City, is an American Democratic politician. Member of the Democratic Party
Wonderwall is a song by British band Oasis from the album Morning Glory ?. It is undoubtedly the most famous song of the group. A true musical phenomenon, this title has largely contributed to the success of the album, right from its release. In 2010, XFM radio carried out a massive poll to determine the 1000 best English rock songs of all time.
Up! is the title song of the album Up! by Shania Twain.
Porphyry is a Neoplatonic philosopher, known to have been the disciple of Plotinus, to have edited the latter's writings and wrote after the death of his master a Life of Plotinus, which we can still read today. It is also important for another reason: it is through him that the Neoplatonism will pass in Christian environment, via Marius Victorinus, until with Saint Augustine and Claudien Mamert. He wrote a treatise Against Christians.
Artur Alberto de Campos Henriques is a Portuguese politician from the end of the constitutional monarchy who, in addition to having held the posts of deputy to the Cortes and prefect of Porto, temporarily in 1891, actually took office in 1893 .
France Télévisions is a French television and radio group, whose capital is exclusively held by the French State. Initially a simple holding company, France Télévisions became on January 4, 2010 a single publisher of several radio and television services.The French public audiovisual service has been part of the European Broadcasting Union since 1950.
Rodez is a French commune located in the South of France, north-east of Toulouse. It is the prefecture of the department of Aveyron in Midi-Pyrénées, seat of the agglomeration community of Grand Rodez, of the first district of Aveyron as well as of the General Council of Aveyron. Former capital of Rouergue, the city ​​is seat of the diocese of Rodez and Vabres.
County Westmeath is an administrative district of the Republic of Ireland located in the province of Leinster in the Irish midlands. Westmeath is bordered by the counties of Cavan, Longford, Meath, Offaly and Roscommon. It is 1,764 km2 for 86,164 inhabitants. Westmeath is located on the site of the former province of Meath and later County Meath.
Lamarche is a municipality of Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of Lac-Saint-Jean-Est, in the administrative region of Saguenay – Lac-Saint-Jean.
Sainte-Anne-de-Sorel is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC Pierre-De Saurel in Montérégie. The 2006 census counts 2,745 inhabitants. It is accessible by road 132.
The Seimas is the name of the unicameral parliament of the Republic of Lithuania.
Christopher James Christie, known as Chris Christie, born September 6, 1962 in Newark, is an American politician, member of the Republican Party. Since January 19, 2010, he has been the governor of the US state of New Jersey.
Before I Forget is a song by heavy metal band Slipknot, released as a single in 2005. It is taken from the album Vol. 3 :, and won the Grammy Award in the category best metal performance in 2006. The music video shows the members of Slipknot without masks and in normal clothes. The video uses capturing techniques that make it possible to never see the full face of the limbs.
Heads Up International is an independent jazz and African music label headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio.
Aliaksandr Lukashenka Alexander Lukashenko, born August 30, 1954, is the current President of Belarus.Elected on July 20, 1994 and re-elected in 2001, 2006 and 2010, his presidency is controversial due to lack of political freedom.
The administrative district of Marche-en-Famenne is one of the five administrative districts of the Belgian province of Luxembourg, located in the Walloon region. It has an area of ​​953.69 km2 and has a population of approximately 55,000. The arrondissement is part of the judicial district of Luxembourg.
The Prime Minister of South Australia is the Head of Government of the Australian State of South Australia. Established October 24, 1856, the first incumbent was Boyle T. Finniss.
Fotbal Club Rapid Bucharest is a Romanian football club based in Bucharest. It was historically the railroad club.
Tongatapu is the largest of the 150 islands of the Kingdom of Tonga, which constitute an archipelago in the Pacific. When the ocean rages south of Tongatapu, on the jagged coastline, great sprays of water spring like real geysers from the holes dug in the reefs.
Khartoum is the capital of Sudan, located at the confluence of the White Nile, coming from South Sudan, and the Blue Nile, coming from Ethiopia. The Nile then flows north, crossing Egypt, to empty into the Mediterranean Sea.
Nicholas James MacDonald Patrick is an American astronaut born November 19, 1964.
Is There Anybody out There? is a song by British progressive rock group Pink Floyd that appeared on their album The Wall, released in 1979.
Bill Odenkirk is an American screenwriter, producer, and actor born October 13, 1965 in Naperville, Illinois.
"Janie's Got a Gun" is a song by American hard rock band Aerosmith and was written by Steven Tyler and Tom Hamilton. It was released as Pump's second single in 1989. It peaked at # 4 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1990, and also # 2 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. The song also peaked at Australia's 1st, their No. 1 debut single there, and one of 2 No. 1 singles for the band in that country. Rock Portal Rock Portal Music Portal Music Portal • Song section
Urbain_VIII, 235th pope, from 1623 to 1644, under the name of Urban VIII.
Soyuz TMA-7 is a Russian space mission launched in October 2005.
Kahnawake is a so-called Mohawk Native American reserve in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Montérégie. Its population is approximately 8,000 individuals, of which 6,500 live on the reserve.
The Atlanta Thrashers are a professional North American ice hockey franchise that played in the National Hockey League between 1999 and 2011.
Eel River Crossing is a village in Restigouche County located in northern New Brunswick.
The Super League is the main professional European rugby union league bringing together English and French teams. The level of play of this league is considered one of the best in the world with the National Rugby League. The Super League, created in 1996, has in the 2012 season fourteen franchises.
A Great Day for Freedom is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. This is the fifth track from The Division Bell album, released in 1994. It ends with a guitar solo played by David Gilmour.
Airolo is a Swiss municipality, located in the north of the canton of Ticino.
Catwoman is a fictional character from the DC Universe. Created by Bill Finger and Bob Kane, it appears for the first time in the comic book Batman # 1 in 1940. Several heroines have donned the costume of Catwoman, including Selina Kyle and Holly Robinson.
Dilma Vana Rousseff, born December 14, 1947 in Belo Horizonte, is a Brazilian economist and stateswoman, Chief of Staff to President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva from 2005, she is the candidate of the Workers' Party in the election Brazilian presidential election in 2010, which she won in the second ballot on October 31, against the Social Democratic candidate José Serra.
Oldenburg was an independent state from 1088 to 1945, first as a county, then a duchy, grand duchy and finally a free state after the abolition of the monarchy in 1918. Until that date, all of its sovereigns are from the House of Oldenburg, which also gave monarchs to Denmark, Norway, Russia and Greece, among others.
Jerry Michael Linenger is an American astronaut born January 16, 1955.
Guillaume Kigbafori Soro is an Ivorian politician, Prime Minister from 2007 to 2012 and President of the Ivorian National Assembly since that date.
The district of Darmstadt is one of the three German constituencies of the Land of Hesse. Its capital is Darmstadt. The district corresponds to the region of southern Hesse.
Sergei Yevgenevich Naryshkin, born October 27, 1954 in Leningrad, is a Russian politician, chairman of the Russian State Duma since December 21, 2011.
Sir Anthony Mamo, OBE was Governor General of Malta, representing Queen Elizabeth II, from July 4, 1971 until December 13, 1974, when Malta became a republic. Elected 1st President of the Republic on December 13, 1974, he was replaced by Anton Buttigieg on December 27, 1976. He was also the first Maltese citizen to become Governor General and, before the country's independence, Governor.
The Assembly of Kosovo or Assembly of the Republic of Kosovo is the unicameral Parliament of the Republic of Kosovo.
Célestin Leroy Gaombalet, born January 1, 1942 in Grimari, is a Central African statesman. Prime Minister from December 12, 2003 to June 11, 2005, he then chaired the National Assembly until Michel Djotodia's coup d'état in 2013.
The parish of Saint-Jacques is both a civil parish and a Canadian local service district in Madawaska County, in the northwest of the Canadian province of New Brunswick.
The Federal Ministry for Families, the Elderly, Women and Youth is the German Federal Government's Ministry for Family Affairs, Gender Equality and Civil Service and has been headed since 17 December 2013 by Social Democrat Manuela Schwesig.
Alexander I of Greece was born in Tatoï Palace, near Athens, on August 1, 1893 and died there on October 25, 1920. He was King of the Hellenes from June 10, 1917 until his death.
Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg is an ice hockey club from Yekaterinburg, Russia. He plays in the Continental Hockey League.
Bastia is a French commune, prefecture of the Haute-Corse department, in the Corsica region. With 42,912 inhabitants, Bastia is the second most populous municipality in Corsica after Ajaccio. It is the capital of Bagnaja, a region in the north-east of the island, stretching between the course of the Golo and Cap Corse. Its inhabitants are called the Bastiais.
The Himalayas, in Sanskrit "abode of the snows", or chain of the Himalayas, is a set of mountain ranges stretching over 2400 km long and 250 to 400 km wide, which separates the sub -Indian continent of the Tibetan plateau in southern Asia. It begins in the west at Nanga Parbat in Pakistan and ends in the east at Namche Barwa in Tibet.
Benjamin Henry Sheares, born August 12, 1907 in Singapore and died May 12, 1981 in Singapore, was the 2nd President of the Republic of Singapore. Singapore Portal Singapore Portal Policy Portal Policy Portal
The University of Canterbury is a New Zealand public university, founded in 1873. Its motto is Ergo tua rura manebunt. It is located in Christchurch and has over 15,000 students in 2012. It should not be confused with universities located in Canterbury.
Alanis Nadine Morissette is a Canadian rock singer. His international career began in 1995 with the hugely successful Jagged Little Pill album.
The Bay of Bengal is a sea that forms the northeastern part of the Indian Ocean. It has the shape of a triangle framed on the east by the Indochinese peninsula, and on the west by the Indian subcontinent. North of the Gulf is the Indian state of West Bengal and Bangladesh, where its name comes from.
Flash is a song by the British group Queen, written by guitarist Brian May and released as a single in November 1980. The song is the theme of the movie Flash Gordon released that same year.
Albanie_au_Concours_Eurovision_de_la_chanson has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest since its forty-ninth edition, in 2004, and has never won it yet.
How Do U Want It is a song by hip-hop artist 2Pac. The track was produced by Johnny "J" for 2Pac's fifth album, All Eyez on Me, and released as a single on June 4, 1996. Performed with K-Ci & JoJo, this track is the third single from the album. . This track ranked number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1996, and number 17 in the UK.
Claude évin is a French politician and lawyer, born June 29, 1949 in Le Cellier.
Fernando Vasco Leote de Almeida e Costa is a Portuguese naval officer and politician who served as Minister of the Interior under the government of José Baptista Pinheiro de Azevedo between September 19, 1975 and July 23, 1976. He also had an important role during the period of Portuguese decolonization.
John Anthony Genzale Jr, born July 15, 1952 in New York and died April 23, 1991 in New Orleans, better known as Johnny Thunders, is an American rock singer and guitarist. He was the lead guitarist for The New York Dolls from 1972 to 1975. He then founded The Heartbreakers before embarking on a solo career.
Howlin 'Wolf, real name Chester Arthur Burnett, born June 10, 1910 in White Station, near West Point, Mississippi, and died January 10, 1976 in Hines, Illinois, is an American blues musician. known different nicknames in his youth like Big Foot or Bull Cow, related to his size and his massive body. Indeed, he was wearing a size 53 and measured 1.92 m for 124 kg.
Jiangxi is a province in the southeast of the People's Republic of China. Its capital is Nanchang.
Belleterre is a town in the province of Quebec, in the regional county municipality of Témiscamingue in the Abitibi-Témiscamingue administrative region.
The 3rd Infantry Division is one of the infantry divisions of the United States Army.
Saint-étienne-de-Beauharnois is an agricultural municipality in the regional county municipality of Beauharnois-Salaberry in Quebec, located in the Vallée-du-Haut-Saint-Laurent region in Montérégie ,.
John Gayle, born September 11, 1792 in Sumter and died July 21, 1859 in Mobile, is an American Democratic politician. He was governor of Alabama between 1831 and 1835.
Michel Audet is a Quebec economist and politician. He was elected Liberal MP for the provincial electoral district of Laporte in 2003. He was Minister of Economic and Regional Development in the Charest cabinet from April 29, 2003 to March 23, 2004, then Minister of Economic and Regional Development and Research from March 23 2004 to February 18, 2005 and finally, Minister of Finance from February 18, 2005 to April 18, 2007.
Iraklis Thessaloniki is a Greek football club based in Thessaloniki. The club plays for the 2014-2015 season in the Football League.
Any Man of Mine is the second single from Shania Twain's album The Woman in Me.
Lycanthrope is a song from the group +44. She appeared on the album When Your Heart Stops Beating, she was released as a single and only vinyl on November 7, 2006.
Sebastião Custódio de Sousa Teles, better known as Sousa Telles, is a Portuguese politician and soldier who was briefly President of the Council of Ministers towards the end of the Portuguese constitutional monarchy.
Leeds Rhinos Rugby League Club, called Leeds Rhinos, is an English rugby union club based in Leeds. He is the current Super League titleholder. Its Rhinos nickname and logo were introduced in 1997 when the Super League was founded.
Maung Maung is a Burmese politician. He was the seventh President of the Republic, from August 19 to September 18, 1988.
The district of Münster is one of the five constituencies of the Land of North Rhine-Westphalia, and its capital is Münster.
Mark Parkinson, born June 24, 1957, is an American lawyer, businessman and politician, Democratic Lieutenant Governor of the State of Kansas from 2007 to 2009. April 28, 2009 following the appointment of Kathleen Sebelius as Secretary of Health and Human Services of the United States in the Obama cabinet, he becomes Governor of Kansas.
Getting Better is a song by British band The Beatles written by Paul McCartney in collaboration with John Lennon ,. She appears on the album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band released in 1967.
Braine-l'Alleud is a French-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Walloon Region in the province of Walloon Brabant.
NT1 is a private French national general-interest television channel, which belongs to the TF1 group. It broadcasts on free TNT, cable, satellite, xDSL television and the Internet.
Almazbek Charchenovich Atambaev, born September 17, 1956 in Arachan, is a Kyrgyz politician, member of the Social Democratic Party of Kyrgyzstan. Briefly Prime Minister in 2007, under the regime of Kourmanbek Bakiev, he returned to this post in 2010, after holding democratic elections. In 2011, he stood for the presidential election, which he won, shortly after becoming President of the Republic.
Notre-Dame-du-Portage is a Canadian municipality of more than 1,000 inhabitants, part of the regional county municipality of Rivière-du-Loup, in Bas-Saint-Laurent in eastern Quebec. Located on the shores of the St. Lawrence River, Notre-Dame-du-Portage is a recognized vacation destination.
Essy Amara is an Ivorian politician and diplomat, born December 20, 1944 in Bouaké.
Saint-Marc-des-Carrières is a city in Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of Portneuf, in the administrative region of the Capitale-Nationale. The freestone quarries have made the city famous. They have been known since 1806.
Catherine of Aragon, born December 16, 1485 in Alcala de Henares, Castille and died January 7, 1536 in Kimbolton, England, Infanta of Castile and Aragon, is queen consort of England, before having her marriage annulled by the will of her husband Henry VIII. The circumstances in which the event takes place are at the origin of Anglicanism.
Pointe-Lebel is a Canadian village municipality in Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Manicouagan and in the administrative region of Côte-Nord.
Fukuoka Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan whose capital is Fukuoka, located north of the island of Kyushu.
The Parish of New Maryland is both a civil parish and a Canadian local service district in York County, New Brunswick. It includes the taxing authorities of Howorth, Nasonworth and New Maryland Interior.
Prince Carl Philip of Sweden, Duke of Värmland, born May 13, 1979 in Stockholm, is the second child of King Charles XVI Gustav and Queen Silvia of Sweden.
The Salesians of Don Bosco are the religious grouped together in the Society of Saint Francis de Sales, a religious institute of pontifical right. Together with the nuns commonly known as Salesians, the Salesians and Salesians cooperators and the 25 other groups born later, they form the Salesian family.
Roihuvuori is a section of the Herttoniemi district of Helsinki, the capital of Finland.
Montevideo or Montevideo is the capital, the main port and the largest city of Uruguay and is also that of the department of Montevideo. Montevideo has one of the most important roadsteads in the Americas. It is located in the southern part of the country and is bordered by the Rio de la Plata.
Oberhelfenschwil is a municipality in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland, located in the district of Toggenburg.
The Parish of Wicklow is both a civil parish and a Canadian local service district in Carleton County located in western New Brunswick.
The New York Americans - also known as the "Amerks" - are a professional ice hockey franchise from North America.
Loyola University Chicago is a private Jesuit university in Chicago, Illinois. The university was founded as the College of St. Ignatius of Loyola in 1870 and is the largest Jesuit Catholic university in the United States.
Heidelberg is a city located on both banks of the Neckar, in the Land of Baden-Württemberg in southwestern Germany. It is part of the densely populated region of the Rhine-Neckar urban area.
Windows 10 Mobile is the mobile version of the Windows 10 operating system developed by Microsoft.
Racing Besançon, is a French football club founded in 1904. The club, chaired by Philippe Pichery and coached by Mickael Isabey, will play for the 2014-2015 season in CFA2 after being champion of the Honorary Division of Franche-Comté in spring 2014.
Celebes or Sulawesi is an island in Indonesia located 300 kilometers east of Borneo, 600 kilometers south of the Philippines, 200 kilometers west of the Moluccas and northeast of Java. With an area of ​​189,035 km2, it is the fourth largest island in the country but it represents only 7% of the population. The relief, rather rugged, is mainly covered with tropical forest. The highest point of the island is Mount Rantemario with 3,478 meters above sea level.
Christine of Sweden, born December 18, 1626 in Stockholm, died April 19, 1689 in Rome, Queen of Sweden from 1632 to 1654 is also known as Queen Christina. Her real title is King of Sweden although she is female. She was designated "king" by her father for lack of a male heir.
Game of Thrones, also referred to by the French title of the novels from which it is adapted, Game of Thrones, is an American medieval fantasy television series created for HBO by David Benioff and DB Weiss. It is the adaptation of Game of Thrones, a series of novels written by George RR Martin since 1996. The story of the series, set on the fictional continents of Westeros and Essos at the end of a summer of ten years, interweaves several intrigues.
The Toyota Park is a football stadium, located in Bridgeview in the near suburb of Chicago, Illinois. Built between 2004 and 2006, it hosted its first game on June 11, 2006, during a confrontation between the Chicago Fire and the New England Revolution.
"Such Great Heights" is a song by The Postal Service, and a single released on January 21, 2003 on the Sub Pop label, a few weeks before the release of the album Give Up, itself released on February 18 of the same. year. "Such Great Heights" is the first of three clips from the disc. A music video was produced for "Such Great Heights" in 2003.
Erämaan Viimeinen is a single from the album Dark Passion Play by the Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish. It was released on December 5, 2007 only in Finland and was performed in Finnish by the singer of the band Indica.
Love Gun is a song by the American group Kiss, taken from the Love Gun album released in 1977. The B-side of this single is a track from the album, Hooligan, song written by drummer Peter Criss.
Michael Richard "Mike" Pence, born June 7, 1959 in Columbus, is an American politician and member of the Republican Party. He served in the United States House of Representatives from 2001 to 2013 before taking office as governor of Indiana on January 14, 2013.
Corcelles-près-Payerne is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Broye-Vully. Cited from 1148, it was part of the same municipality as Payerne until 1801 and was part of the district of Payerne between 1803 and 2007. Corcelles was populated by 2,042 inhabitants in 2013.
The wilaya of Algiers, is an Algerian administrative subdivision, resulting from the former French department of Algiers. Its capital is Algiers. The wilaya of Algiers is the most populous in Algeria with 2,988,145 inhabitants. Its area is 1,190 km2, the smallest Algerian wilaya.
Saint-Maurice is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Valais, located in the homonymous district of which it is the capital.
The National People's Assembly is the lower house of the Algerian Parliament. It is made up of 462 members elected by direct universal suffrage for a five-year term. The APN, founded according to the French model, is governed according to the laws of the Constitution and is made up of the main Algerian parties, namely the FLN - RND - MSP and several opposition parties including the PT and the FFS as well as the far-right, the small parties total 45 seats.
Bondivatn Station is a railway station located in Asker, Norway on the Spikkestad Line. The station was opened as part of Drammen Line on 7 July 1952, but in 1973 the new Lieråsen Tunnel opened through Lieråsen, and the old part of Drammen Line was transformed to a commuter train line. Station and onward to Lillestrøm Station. Bondivatn is primarily a residential area.
The Perfect Drug is a song by Nine Inch Nails released in 1997 on the album Lost Highway. Rock portal Rock portal Metal portal Metal portal Music portal Music portal • Song section
The Fly is a small constellation, one of the most southerly of the sky.
Sure Know Something is a song by the American band Kiss, it is the second single from the Dynasty album released in 1979. Dirty Livin is featured on the B side of the single. The song was written by guitarist / singer Paul Stanley and by album producer Vini Poncia. It has since become a classic for beginner bassists.
Overijssel is a province of the Netherlands, located in the east of the country. Its capital is Zwolle.
The University of Tübingen is one of the oldest German universities, located in Tübingen in the Land of Baden-Württemberg. Founded in 1477 by Eberhard V of Württemberg and his advisor Johannes Reuchlin, it is known, among other things, for its teaching in the fields of natural sciences and philosophy. The humanities and natural sciences are structured into seven faculties with 150 streams.
Petit-Saguenay is a municipality of Quebec,, part of the regional county municipality of Fjord-du-Saguenay, located in the administrative region of Saguenay – Lac-Saint-Jean. Petit-Saguenay takes its name from the Petit Saguenay river , one of Quebec's salmon rivers. As for the other villages of the Saguenay Fjord, the village is located near a cove and inside a deep valley.
The President of the Republic of Estonia is the Head of State of the Republic of Estonia, whose political and institutional competences are governed by Chapter V of the Constitution of Estonia. Estonia is a parliamentary republic, consequently, the President of the Republic has above all a representative function and has no significant executive power. He must suspend his membership of any political party during his mandate. All political functions exercised by the President of the Republic come to an end when he takes office. These measures aim to guarantee the impartiality of the function.
The 89th government of Bulgaria has been the government of the Republic of Bulgaria since May 29, 2013.
Vincent " Ċ ensu" Tabone is the fourth è me pr é President of R é Malta Public n ed March 30, 1913 in Victoria, and died March 14, 2012 in San G iljan .D e could ed in 1966 and cons é cutivement Minister of Labor, Employment and Sant é , he became Minister of Affairs étrang è res before ê be é read pr e R president of e Republic of Malta between 1989 and 1994.
Piercarlo Ghinzani is a former Italian racing driver. He notably took part in 111 Formula 1 Grands Prix between 1981 and 1989.
Grossdietwil is a municipality in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland, located in the electoral district of Willisau.
Witold Jan Waszczykowski, listen born May 5, 1957 in Piotrków Trybunalski, is a Polish statesman member of Law and Justice.
No Limit Records is a Hip-hop record company founded in the early 1990s in Richmond by Percy Miller, better known as Master P. It had its heyday in the mid-1990s.
Wink is a female Jpop duo that rose to fame in Japan in the late 1980s and early 1990s, formed by Japanese idols Sachiko Suzuki and Shoko Aida, separated in 1996.
Steinkjer Station is a Norwegian railway station on the Nordlandsbanen line, located in the territory of the municipality of Steinkjer in the county and region of Trøndelag.
Jerry Goldsmith, born February 10, 1929 in Pasadena and died July 21, 2004 in Beverly Hills, is an American composer best known for his film scores. He also composed some concert works. Several ballets have been taken from his film scores, notably in Canada and Australia.
Lindeberg Station is a railway station located at Lindeberg in Sørum, Norway. The station is located on the Trunk Line and was opened in 1944. The station is served by Oslo Commuter Rail trains with hourly services from Dal Station to Oslo Central Station and Drammen Station.
Saint-Gabriel-Lalemant is a municipality in Quebec located in the Kamouraska MRC in Bas-Saint-Laurent. It is one of the seven municipalities of the Haut-Pays de Kamouraska Regional Park.
António Maria Baptista, was a Portuguese military officer and politician. When he was a lieutenant, he fought in Mozambique, during the wars of pacification against the Vátuas, led by Gungunhana. He was promoted to the rank of colonel in 1917. He fought the monarchist insurgency of 1919, and was appointed Minister of War the same year.
Mother is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd written by Roger Waters. She appeared on the 1979 album The Wall. On the original vinyl edition, Mother closed the first side of the double album, followed by Goodbye Blue Sky which opened the second.
Hubei is a province of the People's Republic of China. Its capital is Wuhan.
Meri-Rastila is a section of the Vuosaari district in Helsinki, the capital of Finland.
Niort is a town in central-western France, capital of the Deux-Sèvres department. The most populous municipality of the department, it is also the third municipality of Poitou-Charentes by the number of inhabitants behind Poitiers and La Rochelle, and the fourth agglomeration of the region.Niort is the seat of the community of agglomeration of Niort , bringing together 149,220 inhabitants.
Saint-Paul-de-l'Île-aux-Noix is ​​a municipality in Quebec, located in the Haut-Richelieu MRC in Montérégie. The 2006 census counts 1,996 inhabitants.
Kulosaari is a residential area of ​​Helsinki, the Finnish capital, located largely on an island in the Gulf of Finland. Kulosaari is also a district encompassing the district of the same name.
The Red Bull RB6 is the Formula 1 single-seater entered by the Red Bull Racing team for the 2010 Formula 1 World Championship. Driven by the German Sebastian Vettel and the Australian Mark Webber, it is presented on February 10 2010 on the Permanent Circuit of Jerez and begins on March 14, 2010 at the Bahrain Automobile Grand Prix.The RB6, designed and designed by the British engineer Adrian Newey, is a continuation of the Red Bull RB5.
Boyfriend is a song by Canadian artist Justin Bieber released on March 26, 2012 under the Island Records label. The first single from the album Believe, the song was written by Justin Bieber, Michael Posner, Mason D. Levy, Mat Musto and produced by Mike Posner, Mason Levy.
Romoos is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Lucerne, located in the electoral district of Entlebuch.
The city of Annapolis is the capital of the state of Maryland, United States. Located by the sea, on the Chesapeake Bay, it is an integral part of the great metropolitan area that includes Washington, DC and Baltimore, the largest city in Maryland. In 2000, it had a population of 35,838 and is home to the Annapolis Naval Academy and St John's College.
The Berlingo is an automobile model of the French car manufacturer Citroën. The Berlingo is the first single-volume medium van. It was launched in July 1996 in its first version and in 2008 for the second generation. The Berlingo is available in several versions: passenger car with 5 or 7 seats, utility vehicle and in chassis-cab version.
I Am… Sasha Fierce is the third studio album by American R'n'B artist Beyoncé Knowles. Released on November 18, 2008, on Columbia Records, it is considered a double album. The first record I Am… features R'n'B ballads and slow to medium tempo pop songs, while the second record Sasha Fierce, titled after Beyoncé's alter ego, features more tempo dance songs. high which intersect with europop and electropop.
The Oldsmobile Silhouette is a family minivan from the American company Oldsmobile from the years 1989-1990. It shares its platform with Pontiac and its Trans Sport.
is the third album by Icelandic band Sigur Rós, released in 2002, and consists of eight tracks. The two parts, comprising four tracks each, are separated by a 36 second blank. Officially, when the album comes out, the tracks have no titles, they are named by their track number.
Maranello is a municipality in the province of Modena in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy. Maranello is particularly known for being the historic headquarters of the sports car manufacturer and the Ferrari team. Brunetti tube amps are also built in Maranello.
Conters im Prättigau is a municipality in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland, located in the district of Prättigau / Davos, which dominates the Prättigau valley.
The Hyundai Excel is a compact sedan of the Hyundai brand produced from 1985 to 1994. It then bears the surname of Pony in certain export markets.
Ilan Rubin, is an American musician best known for having drummed for Lostprophets between 2006 and 2009 as well as Nine Inch Nails during their last tour in 2008 and 2009.
STS-51-G is the fifth flight of the Space Shuttle Discovery.
FC Crotone is an Italian football club based in Crotone, Calabria. In 2013-2014, the club chaired by Raffaele Vrenna played in Serie B.
Carleton University, is an international university located in Ottawa, Canada. It was founded in 1942.
John the Baptist, is a character of the Christian and Muslim tradition known respectively under the names of Saint John the Baptist and under that of Yahya ibn Zakariya. He was a preacher in Judea before Jesus of Nazareth. The character of John the Baptist is very important in the Gospels.
New Orleans is a US city, the largest in the state of Louisiana, at the confluence of the Mississippi with the Gulf of Mexico; according to the 2000 census, it had 484,674 inhabitants.
Made in Twenty is the 5th studio album by South Korean singer BoA. It reached 1st place in the Oricon ranking and remained ranked 24 weeks for a total of 348,093 copies sold.
Jean-Louis Tauran, born April 5, 1943 in Bordeaux, is a French cardinal of the Roman Curia; he has been president of the pontifical council for inter-religious dialogue since 2007. Pope Francis appointed him on December 20, 2014 camerlingue of the Holy Roman Church.
Siren Song of the Counter Culture is the third album of the group Rise Against. It was released on July 10, 2004 on the Geffen Records label. The track "Give It All" is included in the soundtrack of the video game Need For Speed ​​Underground 2.
Falling Down is a song by the English group Duran Duran, released as a single in 2007. It is the only single from Red Carpet Massacre, the group's 12th studio album, also released in 2007.
Dasarath Rangasala Stadium is a Nepal stadium located in Kathmandu. It is used for official matches in the country, especially for the Nepal football team. It has a capacity of 25,000 seats, including 5,000 seats. Football portal Football portal Nepal portal Nepal portal
Thierry Mandon, born December 30, 1957 in Lausanne, is a French politician. A member of the Socialist Party, he is a member of the ninth district of Essonne and sits on the finance committee. He is also spokesperson for the socialist group in the National Assembly. He was general councilor of the canton of Ris-Orangis and mayor of Ris-Orangis, before resigning in 2012, thus anticipating the rule of non-accumulation of mandates.
Alberto Ascari, born July 13, 1918 in Milan, Italy and died May 26, 1955 in Monza, is an Italian racing driver. He won the Formula 1 World Championship twice before being killed in a private practice session at the Monza circuit in Italy.
Transnistria, in long form the Moldovan Republic of the Dniester, has been a de facto independent state since the breakup of the USSR in 1991. It is not recognized by the United Nations and has diplomatic relations only. with Abkhazia, South Ossetia-Alania and Nagorno-Karabakh, three states which are not members of the United Nations.
The North Florida Ospreys, or North Florida Ospreys, are the multi-sport sports club at the University of North Florida, Florida.
The Gaston-Gérard Sports Park is a 16,000-seat Dijon football stadium, founded in 1934, where Dijon Football Côte-d'Or plays, a Ligue 1 team in 2011-2012 and Ligue 2 in 2012-2013, it It was also used as an athletic field before the renovation and expansion work began, which began in September 2007.
The Vosges are a mountain range located in the north-east of France.
The Grand Duke Alexy Alexandrovich, was a member of the Imperial Russian family, began his military training at the age of seven, and at the age of twenty he was appointed Lieutenant of the Imperial Russian Navy.
Liar is the second single of the group Queen, released in 1973.
For Emily, Whenever I May Find Her is a song by Simon and Garfunkel composed by Paul Simon, released in 1966 on the album Parsley, Sage, Rosemary and Thyme. It was released as a single in 1972 in a live version on the occasion of the release of the duo's first best of. It reached 53rd place on the Billboard Hot 100. Sung by Garfunkel, it brings to the fore the singer's voice, only accompanied by an acoustic guitar, by a reverberation effect.
Second son of Laurent the Magnificent and Clarisse Orsini, Jean de Medici was born on December 11, 1475 in Florence and died in Rome on December 1, 1521. He was pope under the name of Leo X from 1513 to 1521.
Aarberg is a town and municipality in the canton of Bern in Switzerland, located in the administrative district of Zealand.
Chase is the 12th single from Kumi Kōda released under the Rhythm Zone label on July 28, 2004 in Japan. He reached 18th place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 11,764 copies in the first week, and remained ranked for 8 weeks, for a total of 21,690 copies sold. Chase was used as the ending musical theme of ANB's program "Samaazu to Yuka no ayashii × × · kashi chau no kayo !! ". Chase can be found on the Secret album and on the Best: First Things compilation.
Survival is the first single and fifth track from the album The 2nd Law released on September 28, 2012. It is the official anthem of the London Olympics in 2012. The song was premiered on BBC Radio 1 June 27 at 7:30 p.m. on Zane Lowe's show. The song was selected by the Olympic committee to be the main anthem for the London Olympics.
Saint-Nérée-de-Bellechasse is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Bellechasse in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches. It is named in honor of the martyrs Nérée and Achillée. Saint-Nérée was founded in 1886, within two seigneuries: that of Launière and Taschereau. The first mission was opened in 1881 by Father Nérée Gingras de Saint-Gervais. Saint-Nérée has 10 lakes.
The President of the Republic is the Head of State of the Republic of Vanuatu. His office is established by Chapter Six of the Constitution, adopted for the country's independence in 1980. Vanuatu has adopted a parliamentary system, and not a presidential regime; the President of the Republic thus has an essentially ceremonial function, "similar to the monarch of the United Kingdom". The Constitution thus provides that it “symbolizes the unity of the nation”.
Wolfgang Tiefensee, born January 4, 1955 in Gera, is a German politician, member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. He has been Minister of the Economy of the Land of Thuringia since December 5, 2014 In 1989, he joined the municipal assembly of Leipzig, the city of which he was elected mayor in 1998. Reelected seven years later, he became, a few months later, Federal Minister of Transport and Public Works in Angela Merkel's grand coalition.
Oh is a song recorded by Ciara from her debut studio album, titled Goodies. The single was released as the album's third single on March 2, 2005.
Växjö Lakers HC is an ice hockey club from Växjö, Sweden. He plays in Allsvenskan, second level Swedish.
Edmond Leburton is a Belgian politician, born in Lantremange, near Waremme, on April 18, 1915 and died in Waremme on June 18, 1997. He had a degree in political and social sciences from the University of Liège.
Knut the Great was born in 994 or 995 and died on November 12, 1035. He reigned over England from 1016, as well as over Denmark from 1018 and Norway from 1028. The empire he carved at the point of the sword thus extends over both shores of the North Sea, but it survives only a few years.
Paddington is a district located in the borough of the City of Westminster.
Keski-Vuosaari is a section of the Vuosaari district in Helsinki, the capital of Finland.
Viking FK Stavanger is a Norwegian football club. The club chaired by Ole Rugland and coached by Tom Prahl plays in the Norwegian Tippeligaen.
Princess Stéphanie of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen was a German princess of the family of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen who by marriage became Queen Consort of Portugal under the name Estefania.
Lovely ♡ Cat's Eye is the 4th misono single released under the Avex Trax label on November 1, 2006 in Japan. It reached 14th place in the Oricon classification, it remained classified for 4 weeks, for a total of 16,957 copies sold. It is misono's 3rd best-selling single to date. It was released in CD and CD + DVD.Lovely ♡ Cat's Eye é t é used e as an advertising campaign for the game Tales of the Tempest on the Nintendo DS. Tomorrow has é t é used e as advertising campaign for the Caf é Milk Glico. Lovely ♡Cat's Eye can be found on the never + land album and on the mini album Tales with Misono ~ Best ~. The theme of this single is Cat's Eye.
For the music group, see Les Dales Hawerchuk. Dale Hawerchuk is a professional Canadian ice hockey player.
Cayenne is a French commune, capital of the department and of the overseas region of Guyana. The city's motto is Fert aurum industria, which means "Work provides wealth".
Collin County is a county located in the northern state of Texas in the United States. It is named in honor of Collin McKinney, one of the five authors of the Declaration of Independence of the Republic of Texas. The county seat is McKinney. According to the 2010 census, its population is 782,341. The county has an area of ​​2,294 km2, of which 2,195 km2 is land. Texas Portal Texas Portal
Three Ringz is T-Pain's third studio album, released on November 11, 2008. Originally slated for September 30, 2008, the singer's birthday, the album was finally released in November due to controversy created by one of its titles, Silver and Gold.
Orlando is a city in the United States, the seat of Orange County, Florida. Today, the city has 220,286 inhabitants. Its metropolitan area includes 1,800,000 people according to 2004 estimates made by the United States Census Bureau. It is the sixth largest city in Florida, and the first in the interior of the state.
Pinellas County is a county in Florida in the United States. Its population was estimated in 2005 at 928,031 inhabitants. Its seat is Clearwater but the largest city is Saint Petersburg. The county was founded in 1911 and its name is derived from the Spanish Punta Piñal.
Arlon is a French-speaking city in Belgium located in Wallonia. It is the capital of the Belgian province of Luxembourg, it is also the capital of its administrative district.
The Nobel Prize in Physics is an award awarded by the Nobel Foundation, according to the last wishes of the testament of chemist Alfred Nobel. It recognizes eminent scientific figures who have rendered great service to humanity by a work and works considered as an exceptional contribution in physics. The prize is awarded annually in October by members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
Cochin, or Kochi is the most populous city in the state of Kerala in India with 601,574 inhabitants in 2011.
Vartioharju is a section of the Vartiokylä district of Helsinki, the capital of Finland.
She Said She Said is a song by the British group The Beatles, released on August 5, 1966 on the album Revolver. Written by John Lennon, it is inspired by an LSD experience of its author.
Brightdown is the 14esingle by Nami Tamaki released under the Sony Music Entertainment Japan label on August 29, 2007 in Japan. It reached 8th place in the Oricon classification, and remained classified for 7 weeks, for a total of 24,404 copies sold. It is released in CD and CD + DVD format. Brightdown was used as the 2nd opening theme for the D. Gray-man anime. Brightdown can be found on the Don't Stay album and on the Reproduct Best remix album.
Two of Us is a Beatles song that appeared on the Let It Be album in 1970. It was written by Paul McCartney for his future wife Linda Eastman, although John Lennon said he wrote it in the interview he wrote. gave to the Playboy newspaper in 1980. Both sing it as a duo. She is also featured on the albums Anthology 3 and Let It Be ... Naked.
Lac-Simon is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of Papineau in Outaouais. The 2011 census counted 984 Simonets there, 13.2% more than in 2006.
Interstellaires is the 10th studio album by singer Mylène Farmer, released on November 6, 2015. Composed without Laurent Boutonnat, the album is carried by the first single, Stolen Car, in duet with Sting. Initially distributed by Polydor / Universal Music, the album has been distributed by Stuffed Monkey via Sony Music since the end of 2020.
The Etoile Sportif du Sahel or ESS is a Tunisian football club founded on May 11, 1925. It is a section of the Etoile Sportif du Sahel sports club. It is one of the clubs in Sousse, the third largest city in the country. . The stadium, the parent company and the sports complexes are located in the northern district. Playing in Ligue I, it is the most successful Tunisian club at the continental level with eight titles in all competitions.
Saint-Eugène-de-Guigues is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of Témiscamingue in Abitibi-Témiscamingue.
STS-53 is the fifteenth flight of the space shuttle Discovery.
Péribonka is a Canadian municipality in Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of Maria-Chapdelaine and the administrative region of Saguenay – Lac-Saint-Jean. The village is located on the north of Lac Saint-Jean at the mouth of the Péribonka.
Gold Skies is a song by Dutch electronic music producers and DJs Sander Van Doorn and Martin Garrix, as well as Canadian DVBBS. The voice is that of Aleesia. It was released as a digital download on June 16, 2014 in the Netherlands. The song was written and produced by Sander Van Doorn, Martin Garrix, DVBBS, Aleesia.
Rosalío José Castillo Lara, was a Venezuelan cardinal of the Roman curia.
Fortaleza is the fifth largest city in Brazil, capital of the state of Ceará in the Nordeste region. It belongs to the Metropolitan mesoregion of Fortaleza and the micro-region of Fortaleza. The city developed on the banks of the Pajeú stream in the northeast of the country, 2,285 km from Brasília. Its name comes from Fort Schoonenborch, built by the Dutch during their second control of the area between 1649 and 1654.
Michal Kova č is a Slovak politician, member of the Movement for Slovakia to e democratic. He was the first president of the Slovak Republic after independence from 1993 to 1998. Politics portal Politics portal Slovakia portal Slovakia portal
Luca Beccari, born October 29, 1974 in San Marino, is a politician from San Marino, member of the Christian Democratic Party. Since April 1, 2014, he has been captain-regent of San Marino, in tandem with Valeria Ciavatta.
Venus in Furs is a song by American rock band The Velvet Underground, written and composed by Lou Reed. It appears on their debut album, The Velvet Underground and Nico, released in 1967. Inspired by the eponymous book by Leopold von Sacher-Masoch, the song is themed about sadomasochism, bondage and submission.
Edward I, eleventh king of Portugal, was born in Viseu on October 31, 1391 and died of the plague in Tomar on September 9, 1438. He was the son of John I of Portugal and Philippa of Lancaster and succeeded his father in 1433. He was nicknamed the Eloquent because of his style in the works he wrote.
Les Enfers is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Jura, located in the Franches-Montagnes district.
General Sitiveni Ligamamada Rabuka is a Fijian politician famous for leading two coups d'état in 1987. He was subsequently Prime Minister from 1992 to 1999. Currently, Rabuka is the roko tui of the provincial council of Cakaudrove in the Northern Region.
Louise of Denmark and Norway, born January 30, 1750 at Christiansborg Castle and died January 12, 1831 at Gottorf Castle, was a Princess of Denmark and Norway who became a landgravine of Hesse-Cassel following her marriage to Charles of Hesse -Cassel.
Blackville Parish is both a civil parish and a Canadian local service district located in Northumberland County in central New Brunswick.
The President of the Community of Madrid is the Head of Government of the Spanish Autonomous Community of the Community of Madrid and, since September 27, 2012, the current incumbent is the Conservative Ignacio González.
A Light That Never Comes is a song written and recorded by American alternative rock band Linkin Park, in collaboration with DJ Steve Aoki for their third remix album, Recharged. The song is the first track on the album. A Light That Never Comes was released to radio and made available as a promotional single on the digital music service Xbox Music on the day of its release, September 12, 2013.
Hans Karl Filbinger, born September 15, 1913 in Mannheim and died April 1, 2007 in Freiburg im Breisgau, was a German jurist and politician member of the Christian Democratic Union. He was Minister President of Baden-Württemberg from 1966 to 1978, first at the head of a grand CDU-SPD coalition, then only with the CDU, which obtained an absolute majority in two consecutive elections.
Butterfly is the 16th single from Kumi Kōda released under the Rhythm Zone label on June 22, 2005 in Japan. He reached 2nd place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 45,303 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 22 weeks, for a total of 125,662 copies sold.
The Eurovision Song Contest is an annual event organized by the European Broadcasting Union, EBU. It brings together the members of the Union within the framework of a musical competition, broadcast live and simultaneously by all the participating broadcasters.
Sometimes is the second single from pop singer Britney Spears released in April 1999. The music video tells the story of a young girl in love with a boy.
The President of the Government of the Czech Republic or Prime Minister has been the Head of Government of the Czech Republic since January 8, 1969.
Miss Sarajevo is a song by the Irish group U2 and produced by Brian Eno, it is also the only single taken from the album Original Soundtracks 1 of the same group, released in 1995. Luciano Pavarotti, invited by the group, performs a very nice performance of his tenor voice.
John Lasseter, born January 12, 1957, is an American animated film director and producer. He is artistic director of Pixar Animation Studios and Walt Disney Animation Studios as well as artistic advisor to Walt Disney Imagineering.
The President of the Slovak Republic is the Head of State of Slovakia. Its powers are prescribed by Chapter VI, Section 1 of the Slovak Constitution.
Sandnes station, also called Sandnes railway station, is a railway station located in the municipality of Sandnes, county of Rogaland.
Altenburg is a city in the eastern part of Thuringia of about 33,000 inhabitants, located south of Leipzig. The city is the capital of the Pays-d'Altenbourg district and is part of the Saxon Triangle Metropolitan Region.
MV Agusta is an Italian motorcycle brand, created in 1948 by Domenico Agusta in Verghera, a frazione of Samarate, in the province of Varese, in Lombardy. The head office of the company is today in Varese.
Carlos Correia, is a Guinean politician. He was Prime Minister three times, from December 27, 1991 to October 26, 1994, from June 6, 1997 to December 3, 1998 and from August 5, 2008 to January 2, 2009, succeeding Martinho Ndafa Kabi
Hugues Capet, Duke of the Franks, then King of the Franks, was the first ruler of the Capetian dynasty.
Groningen is a province located in the northeast of the Netherlands. It is bordered by the Dutch provinces of Frisia to the west and Drenthe to the south, by the North Sea coast, and by the German Land of Lower Saxony to the east, whose local dialect is D 'elsewhere very close to that of Groningen.
Louise Simonson, born Mary Louise Alexander, is an American writer and comic book editor. She is best known for her work on the Power Pack, X-Factor, New Mutants, Superman: The Man of Steel and Steel comic books. She is often referred to by the nickname "Weezie".
The Reign of Ontario is a professional ice hockey franchise in North America that will evolve into the ECHL. The team is based in Ontario, California.
Safe Trip Home is Dido's third album and was released in mid-November 2008 worldwide. It includes collaborations and productions by Jon Brion, Rollo Armstrong, Brian Eno, Mick Fleetwood, Citizen Cope, Questlove, and has been nominated for a Grammy Award.
Rocky Raccoon is a Beatles song, composed by Paul McCartney although credited to Lennon / McCartney. Composed at the beginning of the year during the Beatles' stay in India, it appeared on November 22, 1968 on the “white album”. It tells the story of a Black Hills cowboy, in search of revenge after having his girlfriend robbed.
The Six Day War is the war that Israel waged against Egypt, Jordan and Syria from Monday June 5 to Saturday June 10, 1967. This war was launched as an Israeli "preemptive attack" against its Arab neighbors, following the blockade of the Straits of Tiran to Israeli ships by Egypt on May 23, 1967.
Hermrigen is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Bern, located in the administrative district of Seeland.
Andris Berzi ņ š is a politician Latvian member of Latvia's First Party / Latvian Way .Nomm ed Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Social Affairs from 1994 to 1995, he became mayor of Riga in 1997. It retains the mandate three years before being appointed Prime Minister from 2000 to 2002. He was elected deputy in the legislative elections of 2006.
Benjamin Travis Laney, born November 25, 1896 in Camden and died January 21, 1977 in Magnolia, is an American Democrat politician. He was Governor of Arkansas from 1945 to 1949.
Henry I the Bearded, Piast Dynasty, was born around 1170 to G 3 og ó w and e c e d e 19 March 1238 in Krosno. Son of Bolesław I the Tall and the German countess Christine.Il became Duke of Wroc 3 aw 8 d é December 1201 and Duke of Krakow in 1232. During his r è gne he tent é r é unify Polish territories.
Bartolomeo Alberto Cappellari, born in Belluno, a city in the north of the republic of Venice, on September 18, 1765 and died in Rome on June 1, 1846, is a priest monk and Camaldolese abbot elected pope under the name of Gregory XVI, successor of Pius VIII Elected pope on February 2, 1831, he was ordained bishop of Rome and enthroned on the 6th of the same month.
Edirne is the prefecture of the Turkish province of the same name, bordering Bulgaria and Greece. The city has about 100,000 inhabitants. It is crossed by the Maritsa. Its inhabitants are the “Andrinopolitans”.
Kurt Busiek is an American comic book author, born in 1960.
Francis of Assisi, born Giovanni di Pietro Bernardone in Assisi in 1181 or 1182 and died on October 3, 1226, is an Italian Catholic religious, deacon and founder of the Order of Friars Minor characterized by a following Christi in prayer, joy , poverty, evangelization and the love of divine Creation.
Sonogno is a municipality in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland, located in the district of Locarno. Located in the valley of Verzasca, this municipality is the last village reachable by car.
Pretty Noose is a song by rock band Soundgarden. This is the track that opens the 1996 album Down on the Upside. It was released as a single in March 1996 and reached # 4 on the US Rock charts. Pretty Noose was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance in 1997.
Ås station is a Norwegian railway station on the Østfold line, located in the territory of the municipality of Ås.
Robert II of Normandy known as Robert Courteheuse, was Count of Maine from 1063 to 1069, then Duke of Normandy from 1087 to 1106. He was also an unhappy pretender to the throne of England. Its nickname Courteheuse comes from its stocky size.
The Ivory Coast football championship was established in 1956. The Ligue 1 formerly called Superdivision or MTN Ligue 1 and Ligue 1 Orange is an annual competition between the 14 best football clubs in Ivory Coast. The top 2 clubs in the standings are qualified for the Champions League, the 3rd for the CAF Cup, the 4th for the CAF Cup preliminaries and the last 2 are relegated to MTN Ligue 2.
Sertab Erener is a Turkish pop music singer, whose vocal power is 5 octaves, known in Europe by winning the Eurovision Song Contest in 2003 in Latvia with the song Everyway That I Can, and in the world with the album No Boundaries.
Sirpa Hannele Paatero, born Peltonen on September 9, 1964 in Karhula, is a Finnish politician and member of the Social Democratic Party of Finland.
Naichau Kamo is the 38th single from J-Pop's group Morning Musume, released on February 18, 2009 in Japan on the zetima label.
Boy is the debut studio album by Irish rock group U2, released in 1980 in UK and Ireland and 1981 in America, on Island Records. Produced by Englishman Steve Lillywhite, it was recorded from February 26 to September 22, 1980 at Windmill Lane Studios in Dublin. It's a record that oscillates between punk rock and new wave. It contains within it the first famous song of the group: I Will Follow. The album was well received by critics.
Cape Verde, in the long form the Republic of Cape Verde is an island state in West Africa, made up of an archipelago of ten volcanic islands.
Azealia Amanda Banks is an American singer-songwriter. Born and raised in New York City, she studied at LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts before leaving academia to focus on her music career. She obtains a brief contract with the XL record company, which is promptly terminated.
From Yesterday is an alternative rock song from Thirty Seconds to Mars. From Yesterday is the band's fifth single, and the third single from the A Beautiful Lie album. It was released in the United States on November 7, 2006, in the United Kingdom on January 16, 2007, in Australia and Italy on April 20, 2007, in Latvia on February 4, 2007. It was a big hit in the world and a performance in the charts relatively correct.
When You Believe is a song by American artists Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston. The song was written and composed by Stephen Schwartz of DreamWorks for the soundtrack The Prince of Egypt. Another version of When You Believe is released as a single and is produced by Babyface for the soundtrack. Additionally, the song is included on Houston's fourth studio album, My Love Is Your Love and Carey's debut compilation, # 1's.
The Nobel Prize for Literature has been awarded annually, since 1901, to a writer who has rendered great service to humanity thanks to a literary work which, according to the testament of the Swedish chemist Alfred Nobel, "has demonstrated a powerful ideal". Award considered to be the most prestigious and the most media in the world, the Nobel Prize highlights an author and his work.
The Michigan Wolverines are a college sports club at the University of Michigan. Wolverines teams participate in college competitions organized by the National Collegiate Athletic Association. Michigan is part of the Big Ten Conference division where it participates in 25 disciplines. The Wolverines have a great rivalry with the Ohio State Buckeyes.
Anne Hélène Marie d'Orléans, by her marriage, Duchess of Aosta and then Vice-Queen of Ethiopia, was born on August 5, 1906 at the castle of Nouvion-en-Thiérache and died in Sorrento, Italy, on March 19, 1986. She is part of the House of Orleans and the Italian royal family.
Saint-Michel-des-Saints is a municipality of Quebec located in the MRC de la Matawinie in Lanaudière, in the province of Quebec, Canada. Throughout its history, agriculture, forestry and recreational tourism have been the basis of economic activities in the region.
Sirpa Hannele Paatero, born Peltonen on September 9, 1964 in Karhula, is a Finnish politician and member of the Social Democratic Party of Finland.
Guizhou Renhe Football Club is a Chinese football club based in Guiyang.
Vouvry is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Valais, located in the district of Monthey.
The Scottish Football League Cup is a Scottish knockout football competition. Less prestigious than the Scottish Cup, it no longer offers a place for the UEFA Cup. It is organized by the Scottish Professional Football League.
Matchi-Manitou is an unorganized territory of the province of Quebec, in the regional county municipality of La Vallée-de-l'Or in the Abitibi-Témiscamingue administrative region.
Peter Joseph Andrew Hammill is an English singer-songwriter, founding member of the progressive rock band Van der Graaf Generator. Although he is a keyboardist and guitarist, it is his voice that sets him apart the most. He is also a producer of his own records and occasionally of those of other artists. He married Hilary in 1978 and is the father of three children.
Claus Hjort Fredriksen, born September 4, 1947 in Copenhagen, is a Danish politician and member of the Liberal Party of Denmark. He was Minister of Employment of Denmark from 2001 to 2009, then appointed Minister of Finance when the holder of this portfolio , Lars Løkke Rasmussen, became Minister of State.
Elías Jaua, born December 17, 1969 in San José de Barlovento, is a Venezuelan politician, Vice-President of the Republic of Hugo Chávez from January 26, 2010 to October 13, 2012 and the current Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Shane Patrick Lysaght MacGowan, born December 25, 1957 in Tunbridge Wells, is an Irish musician. He is the singer of the group The Pogues, famous in the 1980s.
Dax is a town in southwestern France, located in the Landes department. It belongs to the former province of Gascony. It is a very busy spa town.
Collonges is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Valais, located in the district of Saint-Maurice.
Zhu De or Chu Teh was a Chinese soldier and politician, a leading cadre of the Chinese Communist Party. He is considered the founder of the Chinese Red Army and one of the main military tacticians of the revolution that resulted in the creation of the People's Republic of China.
Morten Veland, born December 4, 1977, is a Norwegian singer, songwriter and guitarist. He founded Tristania and Sirenia, groups of Gothic Metal. Sirenia was created following her departure from Tristania in 2001. Morten Veland is the main composer of Sirenia.
Slavoj Ž i ž ek, n e 21 March 1949 in Ljubljana, Slovenia, is a philosopher and psychoanalyst tradition of Slovenian continentale.Formé Slovenia and France, he is a researcher in 2012 at the Institute of Sociology of the University from Ljubljana and is regularly invited to foreign universities, particularly in the United States. He is known for his use of the work of Jacques Lacan from the perspective of popular culture as well as for his analyzes of Hegel.
In the Flesh is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. She appears on the album The Wall released in 1979.
The Lotus 43 is a Formula 1 single-seater from British manufacturer Lotus, a transitional model designed for the 1966 season.
The President of Georgia is the head of state of Georgia. He is elected by universal suffrage for a five-year term.
Biloxi is a city in the state of Mississippi that was hit hard in 2005 by Hurricane Katrina. The city takes the name of the Biloxi Amerindians, who inhabited the region.
Brisbane City is an Australian professional rugby union franchise located in Brisbane, playing in the National Rugby Championship. In 2014, the team won the first title at stake in this competition.
Birkenhead is a port city in the United Kingdom, in North West England, on the Mersey Estuary, opposite Liverpool. Its population in 2001 was 83,700, and the corresponding metropolitan district, Wirral, had 312,293 inhabitants. This district is the outlet of the two road tunnels and the rail tunnel from Liverpool.
Jouxtens-Mézery is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Lausanne.
Sirpa Hannele Paatero, born Peltonen on September 9, 1964 in Karhula, is a Finnish politician and member of the Social Democratic Party of Finland.
The Detroit Olympics are a former North American ice hockey franchise; the team is based in Detroit, Michigan. The team was founded in 1927 to play in the Canadian Professional Hockey League; two years later, she joined the International Hockey League for her first season. The Olympics team ended its activities at the same time as the LIH in 1936 and then moved to Pittsburgh to become the Pittsburgh Hornets.
Lomé is the capital of Togo. It is located in the extreme southwest of Togo, and extends along the coast of the Gulf of Guinea. Even if many advance the figure of one million inhabitants, officially, the agglomeration had in the 2010 census, 1,477,660 inhabitants, while the city has 837,437 inhabitants.
The administrative district of Virton is one of the five administrative districts of the Belgian province of Luxembourg, located in the Walloon region. It has just over 50,000 inhabitants. The arrondissement is part of the judicial district of Luxembourg.
Argolis is a peninsula in Greece, bordered to the north by the Saronic Gulf and to the south by the Argolic Gulf, located in the Peloponnese peninsula. It is made up of a series of limestone hills, covered with pine forests and olive groves. The coastal plains are fertile.
Some Great Reward is the fourth studio album by English band Depeche Mode, released in the fall of 1984.
Adèle or Alix or Alice of Champagne, born around 1140 and died on June 4, 1206 in Paris, is queen consort of the Franks through her marriage to Louis VII of France. She is the daughter of the Count of Champagne and Blois Thibaut IV and of Mathilde of Carinthia, so she is the sister of the Count of Champagne Henri I the Liberal, of the Count of Blois Thibaut V, of Guillaume aux Blanches Mains, Archbishop of Reims, and étienne, count of Sancerre.
Michel Mercier, born March 7, 1947 in Bourg-de-Thizy, is a French politician.
Come Undone is the 2nd album of the group Jackson Waters.
Norrbotten County is a Swedish county located in the far north of the country, the name of which means Northern Bothnia. Neighbor of the county of Västerbotten, it constituted with this one, the county of Västernorrland and the county of Jämtland the third large Swedish region, named Norrland. Its shores run along the Gulf of Bothnia.
Isabelle II of Jerusalem, sometimes called Yolande de Brienne, was queen of Jerusalem from 1212 to 1228 and empress consort of the Holy Empire and queen consort of Sicily from 1225 to 1228. She was the daughter of Jean de Brienne and Marie de Montferrat.
Turning Point is a wrestling pay-per-view run by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling each November. It happened in Orlando, Florida in iMPACT! Zoned
Neurofunk is a genre derived from drum and bass that emerged between 1997 and 1998 in London, England. It is a much heavier and more striking form of drum and bass with multiple influences from funk, techno, house and jazz. On the production side, the Neurofunk is characterized by a lot of audio resampling and a battery in several layers giving it a powerful energy.
Josh Schwartz is an American producer, screenwriter, and director, born August 6, 1976 in Providence, Rhode Island, U.S. He is the creator and executive producer of the Newport Beach, Chuck, Gossip Girl and Hart of Dixie television series. This music enthusiast made his own music selection for Newport Beach and shot an episode in January 2004 where rock band Rooney performed, and in 2012 he worked with Stephanie Savage on Cult and The Carrie Diaries, two series offered for The CW, the channel that broadcasts Gossip Girl and Hart of Dixie.
Dayton is a city in the state of Ohio, United States. It is located in the southwest of the state in Montgomery County, where it is headquartered. It was populated by 141,527 inhabitants at the time of the 2010 census. At the same date, its urban area grouped 841,502 inhabitants. Dayton is the sixth largest city in Ohio and the fourth largest city after Cleveland, Cincinnati and Columbus. The Dayton-Springfield-Greenville CSA had a population of 1,080,044 in 2010 and is the 43rd CSA in the United States.
The President of the Republic of Slovenia is the Slovenian Head of State.
Subaru is a Japanese automobile manufacturer, born in 1956, part of the Fuji Heavy Industries group and known for its iconic model, the Subaru Impreza.
Mariah Carey is an American singer-songwriter, producer, actress and philanthropist born March 27, 1970 in Long Island, and was revealed in 1990 with the release of her debut album Mariah Carey. The opus, which generated four Billboard No. 1 singles: Vision of Love, Love Takes Time, Someday and I Don't Wanna Cry, has sold 15 million copies worldwide.
The Governor General of Jamaica is Jamaica's de facto head of state. It represents the de jure head of state, the ruler of Jamaica, currently Elizabeth II. All governors general of Jamaica wear the honorary predicate "His Excellency the Right Honorable N".
The House of Iturbide is a Mexican imperial dynasty that ascended to the throne through Emperor Augustine I in 1822-1823. Its heirs having been adopted by Emperor Maximilian I, a member of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine, this dynasty subsequently took the name of House of Habsburg-Iturbide in September 13, 1865.
Hello is the 3rd single by Aya Ueto released under the Pony Canyon label on February 26, 2003 in Japan. He reached 10th place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 22,994 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 9 weeks, for a total of 40,555 copies sold. Hello -symphony modulation style- was used as an ad campaign for LOTTE's Soh. Hello can be found on the AYAUETO album, on the Best of Aya Ueto: Single Collection compilation and on the UETOAYAMIX remix album.
St Pancras Station, named after the district of the same name in which it is located, is a London terminus station located between the new British Library building to the west and King's Cross Station to the east. was built in the 19th century, and includes two of Britain's most famous structures built during the Victorian era.
City of Blinding Lights is a song from the album How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb, U2's eleventh album. It was released as a single in 2005.
Marthinus Wessel Pretorius was a politician from South Africa, the last head of state of Potchefstroom between 1853 and 1856, first president of the South African Republic of the Transvaal from 1857 to 1860 then again from 1864 to 1871, president of the 'Orange Free State from 1859 to 1863 and co-head of the Transvaal State from 1880 to 1883 as a member of the Executive Triumvirate alongside Paul Kruger and Piet Joubert.
Winter Love is BoA's 22esingle released under the Avex Trax label on November 1, 2006 in Japan. It reached 2nd place in the Oricon ranking and remained ranked 14 weeks for a total of 99,078 units sold. The songs Winter Love, Candle Lights and Last Christmas can be found on the Made in Twenty album.
Everybody is the first single from the album Backstreet's Back released in 1997 by the American group Backstreet Boys.
Sceaux is a French commune in the Hauts-de-Seine department in the Île-de-France region, in the district of Antony, south of Paris. It is part of the Hauts-de-Bièvre agglomeration community created in 2002.The town, upscale and residential, is known for its vast departmental park of Sceaux, designed by André Le Nôtre, covering 181 hectares, a vestige of the personal domain. by Colbert.
Vaulion is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois.
Ayent is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Valais, located in the district of Hérens.
Aubervilliers is a French commune located in the immediate suburb of Paris in the north-east, precisely in the department of Seine-Saint-Denis in the Île-de-France region. Its inhabitants are called Albertivillariens, and its urban and human identity is marked by the heritage of industry and work. The city, originally.
We Are Young is the first single from the album Some Nights by the American music group Fun in duet with singer Janelle Monáe.
AS Real Bamako is a Malian sports club based in Bamako, including a football section and a basketball section.
Jacques Attali is a French economist, writer and senior official, born November 1, 1943 in Algiers, State Counselor, Professor of Economics, Special Advisor to François Mitterrand from 1981 to 1991, then founder and first President of the European Bank for reconstruction and development in 1991, in 2008 he chaired the Commission for the Liberation of French Growth. He currently heads the PlaNet Finance group and the Attali & Associés group.
The Conservative Party is a Romanian political party, conservative in type but allied to the Social Democratic Party, since 2011 within the Social Liberal Union. Founded in 1991, after the fall of communism, as the Romanian Humanist Party. It took the name "Conservative Party" on May 7, 2005. It is allied with the National Liberal Party.
Naturally is a song performed by the American group: Selena Gomez & the Scene and is taken from their debut album, Kiss & Tell. The song serves as the album's second single in the United States and a few other countries. It was produced by Antonina Armato and Tim James who wrote the song with Devrim Karaoglu. Musically, Naturally is an uptempo pop song that relies on styles like electro-pop and dance-pop.
Viking metal is a musical subgenre of heavy metal, the origins of which are traced back to black metal and Nordic folk, characterized by the lyrics refer mainly to Norse mythology, Vikings or paganism. The majority of viking metal bands originate from the greater Scandinavia. In viking metal music, keyboards and traditional instruments like the violin or accordion are omnipresent and the rhythm is galloping.
Dorothée of Denmark born November 10, 1520 in Copenhagen and died May 31, 1580 in Neumarkt in der Oberpfalz, is a princess of the Union of Kalmar who became by her marriage elector palatine consort.
Josh Gorges is a Canadian ice hockey player.
XXL is the twentieth single from Mylène Farmer released on September 19, 1995. It is also the first single from her fourth studio album Anamorphosée.
Inglewood is a city in the southwest of Los Angeles County, California, United States. Inglewood was incorporated on February 8, 1908 and today has a population of 112,580.
Surfer Rosa is the first album of the American group Pixies, released in March 1988 on the independent label 4AD. Among the important characteristics of this album we can mention the unique, garage, experimental and lo-fi sound, in particular its very present and heavy drums, which owes a lot to the production work of the sound engineer Steve Albini. The album includes many references to deviant behavior such as mutilation and voyeurism.
Slo-Mo-Tion is an Industrial Rock song performed by American band Marilyn Manson.Cooking Vinyl released the second single from the album, as a successor to “No Reflection” and “Overneath the Path of Misery”. A few months later the EP version was released, with a total of six different versions.
Gordon Aylesworth Blake, born in 1902 and died in 1997, is an American lieutenant general of the United States Air Force having notably been director of the National Security Agency between 1962 and 1965. After graduating from West Point, Blake returned to United States Army Air Corps.
Anna El ż bieta Zalewska, n e e 6 July 1965 at Ś wiebodzice, is a Polish politician and member of Law and Justice.
Hurricane is an alternative rock song by the American group Thirty Seconds to Mars. Hurricane is the group's fourth single, and is taken from the album This Is War. The single was written by singer, band frontman and songwriter Jared Leto. Thirty Seconds to Mars, Flood and Steve Lillywhite produced it.
Widzew Ł ó d ź is a Polish football club based in Ł ó d ź .
Pailly is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Gros-de-Vaud. Cited from 1154, it was part of the district of échallens between 1798 and 2007. The town was populated by 501 inhabitants in 2013.
Animal Magnetism is the seventh album by German hard rock band Scorpions released in 1980.This album, although not as positively received by critics as the previous ones, will find great success among fans and above all will be the first big one. success of the group in the United States, where it will be certified first gold disc then platinum disc.
Pascual Jordan is a German theoretical physicist. He taught at the University of Göttingen, then at those of Rostock, Berlin and Hamburg. He was instrumental in the founding of quantum mechanics and quantum field theory, and because of his Nazi Party affiliation, he was isolated from the physics community.
The Fox Broadcasting Company, commonly known as Fox Network or simply Fox, is a commercial television network owned by Fox Entertainment Group, part of 21st Century Fox owned by Rupert Murdoch. Launched on October 9, 1986, Fox was the highest-rated broadcast network in the 18-49 age group from 2004 to 2009.
Bois-Franc is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of La Vallée-de-la-Gatineau in the Outaouais.
Arthur Quirk Bryan is an American comic actor, born May 8, 1899 in Brooklyn, and died November 18, 1959 in Hollywood.
Rick Scott is a businessman, former CEO of the largest health insurance company in the United States, and the governor of Florida, elected in November 2010 as the Republican Party candidate.
Joseph Wirth, born September 6, 1879 in Freiburg im Breisgau and died January 3, 1956 in Freiburg im Breisgau, is a German politician who was Chancellor of the Reich under the Weimar Republic. In this post, he sought to respect the conditions of the Treaty of Versailles to demonstrate its infeasibility, which drew him the wrath of right-wing circles.
Claudia Benedikta Roth, born May 15, 1955 in Ulm, is a German politician, member of the environmental party Alliance 90 / The Greens.
The Turkish army or the Turkish armed forces is made up of the army, the air force, the national navy, the gendarmerie and the coast guard. It is the second largest army in NATO after the US military and the sixth largest army in the world globally. Historically, it occupies a special place in Turkey.
The Ghana Under-20 Team is a selection of players under 20 at the start of two years of competition under the responsibility of the Ghana Football Federation. She won the Junior Africa Cup of Nations 3 times and was world champion in 2009.
François II, was king of France from July 10, 1559 until his death the following year, eldest son of Henri II and Catherine de Medici, he ascended the throne of France at the age of fifteen after his death. accident of his father on July 10, 1559. His ephemeral reign lasted only a year and five months but was a major prelude to the outbreak of the wars of religion.
Ali Kafi, in Arabic, born October 17, 1928 in El Harrouch, Algeria and died April 16, 2013 in Geneva, Switzerland, is an Algerian colonel and statesman. He led Algeria from July 2, 1992 to April 30, 1994. A career soldier, FLN activist during the Algerian war, he worked as Algerian ambassador in several countries after independence.
James "Duke" Aiona is a Hawaiian politician and member of the Republican Party. Politics Portal Politics Portal Hawaii Portal Hawaii Portal
Check on It is a single from R'n'B singer Beyoncé taken from Destiny's Child's best-of, Number 1's but also featured on the B'Day album. The song reached number one on the American Billboard Hot 100 where it remained for 5 consecutive weeks as well as in Brazil and New Zealand.
Saint-Valérien is a parish municipality in the province of Quebec, Canada, located in the regional county municipality of Rimouski-Neigette in Bas-Saint-Laurent.
Ismaël Haniyeh, born January 29, 1963, is a Palestinian politician from Hamas.
Man on the Edge is a single from the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden.
The city of Frankfort is the capital of the state of Kentucky, United States, as well as the seat of Franklin County. It is the fourth smallest capital of an American state. Its population was 25,527 at the 2010 census. Frankfort is located on the edge of the Kentucky River in the northeast of the state. It is 36 km south-easterly from Lexington and 75 km west from Louisville.
Auderghem is one of the 19 municipalities of Brussels-Capital. Like the other municipalities of Brussels, it is officially bilingual with 31,985 inhabitants, called Auderghemois, and covers an area of ​​9.0296 km2.
Benjamin H. Brewster, born October 13, 1816 and died April 4, 1888, is an American jurist who served as Attorney General of Pennsylvania from 1867 to 1869, before becoming Attorney General of the United States from 1881 to 1885 in the administration Arthur.
Doctor Robert is a Beatles song written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney, recorded April 17-19, 1966 at Abbey Road Studios, and released the following August 5 on the Revolver album.
Amadou Toumani Touré, known as ATT, born November 4, 1948 in Mopti, is a Malian general and statesman. He was the 4th President of the Republic from June 8, 2002 until the coup d'état of March 22, 2012.
For the Fatherland and Freedom / LNKK is a former Latvian nationalist political party. He obtained 7 deputies in the Saeima in 2002 and 8 in 2006. During the first elections for the European Parliament in Latvia, he obtained 171,859 votes, 29.82%, or 4 MEPs. In June 2009 he won 58,997 votes and only one deputy. For the Fatherland and Freedom / LNKK has been represented in the Latvian parliament since 1993.
The Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium or RFK Stadium is a multi-sport stadium that is primarily used for baseball, American football and soccer. It is located on the Anacostia River east of central Washington in the District of Columbia in the United States. In 1996, MLS arrived in Washington DC and the stadium became DC United's home.
Liebe ist für alle da is Rammstein's 6th studio album. It was released on October 16, 2009, 4 years after Rosenrot.
West Java is a province of Indonesia located, as the name suggests, in the western part of the island of Java. Its capital is Bandung.
Sainte-Clotilde-de-Beauce is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC des Appalaches in Chaudière-Appalaches. It is named in honor of Saint Clothilde, wife of Clovis. The 2006 census counts 601 inhabitants.
Saint-Alphonse-de-Granby is a municipality of Quebec in Canada, located in the regional county municipality of La Haute-Yamaska ​​which is part of the administrative region of Montérégie. It is named in honor of Alphonse de Liguori.
The University of Wisconsin at Madison also known as UW-Madison, Madison, Wisconsin, University of Wisconsin, or UW is an American public university, whose campus occupies part of the city of Madison, in the state of Wisconsin. 1848, it is the largest university in the state, with 41,000 students, of which more than 28,000 are undergraduates.UW-Madison offers a wide range of fields of study, professional programs and student activities.
Saint-Barnabé-Sud is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Maskoutains in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Montérégie. It is named in honor of the apostle Barnabas. It is the birthplace of historian Jean-Baptiste-Arthur Allaire.
Péter Szijjártó, born October 30, 1978 in Komárom, is a Hungarian politician, member of the Fidesz-Hungarian Civic Union. Since 2014, he has been Minister for External Economic Relations and Foreign Affairs of Hungary.
Kevin Lee Pritchard is a former U.S. professional basketball player and current general manager for the Indiana Pacers.
Luins is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Nyon, it is part of La Côte.
Edegem is a Dutch-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Flemish Region in the province of Antwerp.
TSV 1860 Munich is a German sports club founded on May 17, 1860 and based in Munich. This page deals only with the football section of the club, which evolves in 2. Bundesliga.
Notre-Dame-du-Rosaire is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of Montmagny in the Chaudière-Appalaches region, and is crossed by route 283.
Grêmio Barueri Futebol Ltda is a Brazilian football club, based in Barueri in the state of São Paulo.
The W-League is a women's soccer championship in North America:. She is part of the United Soccer Leagues, an organization bringing together several soccer leagues such as the USL Pro and the Premier Development League. In 2012, after the demise of Women's Professional Soccer, the W-League is considered to be the highest level of the pyramid of North American women's soccer, alongside the WPSL Elite League.
Ahmad Shah Massoud, frequently referred to as Commander Massoud, was the commander of the United Islamic and National Front for the Salvation of Afghanistan, Jamaat-e Islami and the head of the Islamic Army, an army that fought against the Soviet occupation and then the Taliban regime from 1996 to 2001. His reputation as a military leader, and in particular his nickname "Lion of the Pandzhshir", comes from the fact that he succeeded in repelling seven large-scale attacks by Soviet troops against the Pandzhshir valley, northeast of Kabul.
The McConnell First Government, officially the third government of the Scottish First Parliament, was the Government of Scotland from November 22, 2001 to March 27, 2003, and was formed by Jack McConnell, elected Prime Minister on November 22, 2001, and succeeded the McLeish government. It was made up of a coalition between the Scottish Labor Party and the Liberal Democrats, and was replaced by the McConnell II government.
The arrondissement of Avranches is a French administrative division, located in the Manche department and the Lower Normandy region.
Saratovpronunciation is a city in Russia, the administrative capital of Saratov oblast. It is located 858 km south-east of Moscow, on the right bank of the Volga. Saratov is an important railway and road junction, it has a river port and an international airport. Its population was 840,785 inhabitants in 2014, making it the 15th largest city in Russia.
The first season of South Park was first broadcast in the United States by Comedy Central between August 13, 1997 and February 25, 1998. Series creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone wrote most of the episodes. of the season, along with Dan Sterling, Philip Stark and David Goodman who have been credited in some episodes.
Michael I Fyodorovich Romanov Tsar of Russia, elected by Zemsky Sobor, is the founder of the Romanov dynasty, the son of Fyodor Romanov and Ksenia Ivanovna Chestova and grand-nephew of Anastasia Romanovna Zakharin. He had a brother, Nikita Romanov.
Daniel Kajmakoski, is a Macedonian singer.
Valenti is BoA's 7th single released under the Avex Trax label on August 28, 2002 in Japan. It reached 2nd place in the Oricon ranking and remains ranked 26 weeks for a total of 201,810 copies sold. It is BoA's best-selling single to date. The song Valenti can be found on the Valenti album.
HC Č esk é Bud ě jovice is an ice hockey club in the city of Č esk é Bud ě jovice in the Czech Republic. He played in the Extraliga at the Budvar Arena, where the team won the Czechoslovakian ice hockey championship in 1951.
The Northern Ireland Football Championship is an annual football competition contested between Northern Irish clubs. This competition is currently known as the IFA Premiership and was established in 1890.
Valzeina is a town and former Swiss municipality in the canton of Graubünden, located in the district of Prättigau / Davos. On January 1, the former municipality was incorporated into that of Grüsch.
FK Qabala is an Azerbaijani football club based in Qabala, playing in the Azerbaijan Championship.
Henan, formerly Honan, is a province in east-central China.
Liberian Girl is a song by Michael Jackson that appears on track 4 of the album Bad. The song is the 9th and last track from the album to be released as a single in 1989. South African singer Letta M'bulu sings in Swahili in the introduction.
The Kids Aren't Alright is The Offspring's third single from the Americana album. Its title refers to the Who's song "The Kids Are Alright".
Lockdown 2006 is a wrestling event that took place on April 23, 2006 at the Universal Orlando Resort in Orlando, Florida.
Winter_War, also known as the Soviet-Finnish War or the Russo-Finnish War, broke out on November 30, 1939.
Barendrecht is a city and municipality in the province of South Holland in the Netherlands. On November 1, 2013, the municipality of Barendrecht had a population of 47,313.
Mex is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Gros-de-Vaud. Cited from 1154, it was part of the district of Cossonay between 1798 and 2007. The town was populated by 652 inhabitants in 2013.
Alan Moore is a British writer best known for his work as a comic book writer. Moore is famous for being one of those who made comics more mature, more literary. He also contributed a lot to the shape of the medium, through layout effects that had never been seen before. His influences are very diverse. We find authors like William S.
Abdul Halim Muadzam Shah ibni al-Marhum Sultan Badishah has been Sultan of Kedah State since 1958. and is currently the 14th monarch since December 13, 2011. He is the only king of Malaysia to have reigned twice and, to this day , the oldest to accede to the throne.
Catherine Henriette de Braganza, Princess of Portugal then Queen Consort of England and Scotland after her marriage to King Charles II of England. Today she rests in the Church of São Vicente de Fora. She was born in Vila Viçosa, in the Ducal Palace, residence of the Dukes of Braganza, Portugal, daughter of King John IV of Portugal and Louise de Guzman.
Brugg is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland and the capital of the district of Brugg. This small town of around 10,000 inhabitants is located in the heart of the Swiss Wasserschloss region, where the Aar, Reuss and Limmat meet.
Hemmingford is a township municipality in the regional county municipality of Jardins-de-Napierville in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Montérégie. The current territory of the township was previously surrounded by the former seigneuries of Beauharnois, Lacolle and Lasalle. It began to be recorded from 1795 on the map of Gale and Duberger. It was during the Civil War.
Shirley Hufstedler, born Shirley Ann Mount Hufstedler on August 24, 1925 in Denver, is an American politician. A member of the Democratic Party, she was Secretary of Education between 1979 and 1981, under the Carter administration, the first holder of the post and therefore the first woman to take this post.
Soyuz T-8 is a Soviet space mission.
Gérard D. Levesque is a Quebec lawyer, auto dealer and politician. After François Gendron, moreover still in office, he held the record for the longest term of deputy in Quebec, 37 years and 5 months for a long time.
Paspébiac is a city in Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of Bonaventure, in the administrative region of Gaspésie – Îles-de-la-Madeleine. The municipality is a member of the Federation of Villages-Relais du Québec.
Entourage is an American television series in 96 episodes of 20 to 30 minutes created by Doug Ellin and aired between July 18, 2004 and September 11, 2011 on HBO. The series is followed by a film scheduled for June 2015. In France, it was broadcast from February 19, 2008 on W9, despite a highly publicized launch by the channel the series did not meet the hoped-for success and was quickly deprogrammed from the first part of the evening.
Second Chance is the ninth single from the group Shinedown released in 2008.
Wrexham Football Club is a Welsh football club based in Wrexham, which participates in English competitions. The club evolves for the 2010-2011 season in Conference National. Founded in 1864, Wrexham FC is one of the oldest surviving British football clubs and the oldest professional Welsh club.
Länsi-Herttoniemi is a section of the Herttoniemi district of Helsinki, the capital of Finland.
Marguerite of Savoy, born Margherita Teresa Giovanna, Princess of Savoy, was Queen of Italy through her marriage to King Humbert I.
The province of Badajoz is one of the two provinces of the autonomous community of Extremadura, in southwestern Spain. Its capital is the city of Badajoz.
Kamehameha III was King of the Kingdom of Hawaii from 1825 to 1854. He was Hawaii's longest-reigning monarch. He succeeded his brother, Kamehameha II, to the throne at the age of ten. From 1824 to 1832, the real political power was in the hands of his mother and regent, Ka'ahumanu, favorite wife of Kamehameha I.
Colombier is a locality in the municipality of Echichens and a former Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
Pratt & Whitney is the name of an American aircraft engine manufacturer whose production is used in both civilian and military aircraft. The company was founded in 1925 by Frederick Rentschler, following the takeover of Pratt & Whitney Measurement Systems which had been founded in 1860 by Francis Pratt and Amos Whitney. The group's headquarters are in East Hartford, Connecticut.
Benjamin Fitzpatrick, born June 30, 1802 in Greene County and died November 21, 1869 in Wetumpka, is an American Democratic politician. He was governor of Alabama between 1841 and 1845, senator of the same state then president pro tempore of the Senate.
Galveston is a city in Galveston County, southern Texas, on an island in the Gulf of Mexico, United States. She is famous for being a victim of Hurricane Galveston in 1900 which, with an estimated 8,000 deaths, remains America's deadliest natural disaster.
Echichens is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
Petite-Rivière-Saint-François is a municipality of Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of Charlevoix, in the administrative region of the Capitale-Nationale.
Comano is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Ticino, located in the district of Lugano.
The High End of Low is the 7th studio album by the group Marilyn Manson. It was released on May 26, 2009 in North America. The singles of this album are: Arma-Goddamn-Motherfuck * ng-Geddon, Running To The Edge Of The World and as promotional single: We're From America
Jobst of Moravia, born December 1351, died January 18, 1411, was margrave of Moravia from 1375 to 1411, margrave of Brandenburg from 1388 to 1411, engaged duke of Luxembourg from 1388 to 1402 and from 1407 to 1411, and king of Germania from 1410 to 1411. He was the son of Jean-Henri of Luxembourg, Margrave of Moravia, and Marguerite de Troppau.
William Sidney Smith, better known by his usual name of Sidney Smith, born June 21, 1764 in Westminster, London and died May 26, 1840 in Paris, is a British admiral. A sailor at the end of the 18th century and the beginning of the 19th century, he notably distinguished himself during the wars of Great Britain and then of the United Kingdom against the France of the Revolution and the Empire. He is, after Nelson, one of the British heroes of this period.
Suscévaz is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois. The name of the municipality is pronounced Suscève.
Slammiversary Seven was a wrestling pay-per-view run by the Total Nonstop Action Wrestling federation. It took place on June 21, 2009 in The Palace of Auburn Hills, Auburn Hills, Michigan. This will be the fifth edition of the Pay-Per-View Slammiversary. But will celebrate TNA's seventh anniversary
Eric of Sweden-Norway, Titled Duke of Västmanland, born Erik Gustav Ludvig Albert on April 20, 1889 in Stockholm and died September 20, 1918 in Drottningholm, is a Swedish and Norwegian prince. He is the third child, and thereby the youngest son, of King Gustav V and his wife, Queen Victoria.
The Parish of Sheffield is both a civil parish and a Canadian local service district in Sunbury County, located in southern New Brunswick. It comprises the taxing authorities of Sheffield Inner and Sheffield Outer.
Frédérique-Louise of Hesse-Darmstadt, born October 16, 1751 in Prenzlau, died February 25, 1805 in Berlin, was Queen Consort of Prussia, as the second wife of Frederick William II of Prussia.
Much Too Much is a song by the British group The Who, released on the album My Generation at the end of 1965 on the fifth track.
Forever and for Always is an extract from Shania Twain's album, Up !.
Robert II, nicknamed "Robert the Pious" was born in Orleans around 972 and died at the castle of Melun on July 20, 1031. Son of Hugues Capet and his wife Adélaïde d'Aquitaine, he is the second Frankish king of the dynasty capetian. He reigned from 996 to 1031 and was thus one of the rulers of the year 1000. Associated with royalty from 987, he assisted his father on military matters.
Bloomington is an American city, seat of Monroe County, Indiana. Indiana University is in Bloomington.
Soyuz TM-11 is a crewed flight of the Soviet Soyuz-TM spacecraft Soyuz, launched on December 2, 1990.
Francesco della Rovere, born July 21, 1414 in Celle Ligure, near Savona, and died August 12, 1484 in Rome, was crowned pope on August 25, 1471 under the name of Sixtus IV.
Roazhon Park is the main stadium in the city of Rennes. Built in 1912, it is used by Stade Rennes FC. Property of the city of Rennes, it was renovated several times before the war, in the 1950s and at the end of the 1980s. Between 1999 and 2004, all of the stands were renovated or entirely rebuilt, which enabled it to '' significantly increase its reception capacity to reach nearly 30,000 seats.
The Hernando Siles Olympic Stadium is a sports complex based in La Paz, Bolivia. Its capacity is 42,000 seats. The stadium is named after Hernando Siles who was president of Bolivia from 1926 to 1930. The stadium is located at an altitude of 3,637 meters which makes it the second highest stadium in the world after that of Daniel Alcides Carrion in Cerro de Pasco, Peru. The stadium was inaugurated in 1931 with a match between The Strongest and Universitario.
C'est une belle jour is a single from Mylène Farmer released in 2002.
Graziano Delrio, born April 27, 1960 in Reggio Emilia, is an Italian politician, member of the Democratic Party. He has been State Secretary at the Presidency of the Council of Ministers since February 22, 2014.
The Siren is the fourth and last single from Nightwish's album Once. It was released in February 2005 and was composed by Tuomas Holopainen and Emppu Vuorinen.
One Vision is a song written and recorded by the band Queen, which was first released as a single in 1985, then incorporated on the album A Kind of Magic, released in 1986. Although featured on this album, the song does not appear in the movie Highlander, but in the movie Iron Eagle. The song was inspired by the band following their performance at Live Aid a few months earlier.
Chambord is a municipality in Quebec that is part of the MRC le Domaine-du-Roy, located in the administrative region of Saguenay – Lac-Saint-Jean. It is named in honor of Henri d'Artois, Count of Chambord and pretender to the throne of France when the village was founded in 1845. More precisely located at the crossroads of roads 155 and 169, is also accessible by the railway.
Baie-du-Febvre is a municipality in Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of Nicolet-Yamaska ​​and in the administrative region of Center-du-Québec.This locality south of Lake Saint-Pierre is known to be an important stopover migration for waterfowl. The 2006 census counted 1,063 inhabitants, 6.3% less than in 2001.
The International Association of Athletics Federations is the association responsible for governing athletics federations and organizing world international competitions. It was founded on July 17, 1912 in Stockholm, but its headquarters are located in Monaco.
Mr Fantastic, also called The Elastic Man, real name Red Richards, is a superhero belonging to the universe of Marvel Comics. He is a member of the Fantastic Four and the husband of Jane Storm.
La Cité-Limoilou is one of the six arrondissements of Quebec City. The borough includes, among other things, the central part of the city as well as Old Quebec and its historic district. It is bounded by the following arrondissements: to the northeast by Beauport, to the northwest by Charlesbourg, to the west by Les Rivières, to the southwest by Sainte-Foy – Sillery – Cap-Rouge and to the south by the river Saint Laurent.
Thomas Westerman "Tom" Wolf, born November 17, 1948, is an American politician. He was elected governor of Pennsylvania in November 2014.
Lord John Cavendish, born October 22, 1732 and died December 18, 1796, is a British statesman.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq, born October 17, 1954 in Lahore, is a Pakistani politician and businessman. He has been Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan since June 3, 2013. He joined the Pakistan Justice Movement in 1996, quitting the party two years later and joining the Pakistan Muslim League in 2001.
First It Giveth is the third and final single from Songs for the Deaf, the third studio album by Californian band Queens of the Stone Age.
Sporting Clube de Portugal B is the reserve football team of Sporting Clube de Portugal.
Love Never Felt So Good is a single by Michael Jackson from the posthumous album Xscape, released on May 9, 2014 in select countries, May 12 in France and May 13 in the United States.
Street Fighting Man is a song by the Rolling Stones released as a single on August 31, 1968, then on their Beggars Banquet album in December of the same year.
Walt Disney Animation Studios is one of the animation studios of the Walt Disney Company. Since the studio was founded in 1923, Disney's animation production department was included in the Walt Disney Productions company, established in 1926. It was not until 1983 that a specific company for film production was established. .
Sunny Afternoon is a hit song by English rock band The Kinks written by Ray Davies, the single was released on June 3, 1966 in the UK, it hit number one on the charts on July 7, 1966 and stayed that way for 2 weeks. It was also a success in Ireland where the single was number one on July 18, 1966.The title appears on the soundtrack of the film Good Morning England.
Venceslau Brás was a Brazilian lawyer and politician who was President of Brazil from November 1914 to November 1918. Its vice-president was Urbano Santos da Costa Araújo. Portal of history Portal of history Portal of politics Portal of politics Portal of the contemporary world Portal of the contemporary world Portal of Brazil Portal of Brazil
Dana Stewart Scott, born October 11, 1932 in Berkeley, California, was professor of computer science and mathematics at Carnegie-Mellon University.
Paul Kaba Thiéba, born July 28, 1960 in Bobo Dioulasso, Burkina Faso, is a Burkinabé economist and statesman, Prime Minister from January 6, 2016 to January 21, 2019.
Bernard Francis Law, born in Torreón, Mexico on November 4, 1931, is an American cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, Archpriest Emeritus of the Basilica of Santa Maria Maggiore.
Jan Vassilev Videnov, born March 22, 1959 in Plovdiv, is a Bulgarian scholar and politician who was a member of the Bulgarian Communist Party and then of the Bulgarian Socialist Party, of which he held the presidency between 1991 and 1996. From 1995 to 1997 , he also served as Prime Minister of Bulgaria.
The province of La Coruña is one of the four provinces of the autonomous community of Galicia, in north-western Spain. Its capital is the city of La Coruña.
Guinnevere is a song written by David Crosby in 1969, which appeared on the self-titled debut album Crosby, Stills & Nash. It is characterized by a very serene melody and instrumentation and elliptical lyrics, which compares Guinnevere, Queen Guinevere to the object of the author's desires. In an interview with Rolling Stone, he explains: "This is a song very unusual, with very strange tuning and time signature. It's about three women I love.
I Talk to the Wind is a song from King Crimson's 1969 album In the Court of the Crimson King. Beginning immediately after the cacophony that closes the previous track, I Talk to the Wind is a stark contrast; it is a soft, peaceful song, akin to folk-rock and dominated by the use of the flute by Ian McDonald.
The Minnesota North Stars are a former ice hockey franchise that played in the National Hockey League from 1967 to 1993. At the end of that last season, the team moved to Dallas to become the Dallas Stars.
BIK Karlskoga is an ice hockey club in Karlskoga, Sweden. He plays in Allsvenskan, second level Swedish.
Jules Malou is a Belgian politician.
Yemen, long form the Republic of Yemen, is an Arab country located at the southwestern tip of the Arabian Peninsula.
Monsignor Ignaz Seipel, born in Vienna on July 19, 1876 and died in Pernitz on August 2, 1932, was Chancellor of Austria from May 1922 to June 1924, then again from 1926 to 1929.
Maasmechelen is a Dutch-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Flemish region in the province of Limbourg. On January 1, 2011, the total population of this municipality was 37,222 inhabitants The total area was 76.28 km2. Postal codes: 3630, 3631
Hummingbird Heartbeat is a song by American artist Katy Perry, from her third studio album, Teenage Dream. It was written by Perry, Stacy Barthe, Monte Neuble as well as by Christopher "Tricky" Stewart, whose production was carried out by the latter. Hummingbird Heartbeat was inspired by Perry's ex-boyfriend Russell Brand.
Smile is a song based on music by Charlie Chaplin, which is the theme of the movie Modern Times, released in theaters in 1936. This music was wordless. Later, in 1954, John Turner and Geoffrey Parsons added lyrics to it and named it Smile.
The Sails are one of the 88 constellations in the sky, visible mainly from the southern hemisphere. Originally included by Ptolemy in the immense constellation of the Ship Argo, it was created by Nicolas-Louis de Lacaille when he divided the ship into three distinct constellations. The Sails are the second resulting constellation in size.
Wetteren is a Dutch-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Flemish Region, in the province of East Flanders.
Tsarevich Nicholas Alexandrovich, born September 20, 1843 in St. Petersburg and died April 24, 1865 in Nice from meningitis, was a member of the Russian imperial family.
The Wolf is the name given to a small constellation in the Southern Hemisphere, located below the constellation Libra, west of the constellation Scorpio and east of the constellation Centaur.
The Popular Movement is a Moroccan political party of the right, of Amazighist, ruralist, and agrarian ideology, created in 1957 by Mahjoubi Aherdane.
Duisburg is an independent city in Germany, located in the Land of North Rhine-Westphalia and in the district of Düsseldorf. The city is a member of the "Community of Municipalities of the Ruhr Sector", an inter-municipal structure comprising around 5 , 5 million inhabitants as well as of the German-Dutch Euro-region Rhein-Waal.Duisburg is a large industrial and commercial city and the seat, together with Essen, of the universities of Duisburg and Essen.
Bath is a city in the county of Somerset, in the south-west of England. It is located 180 km west of London and 25 km south-east of Bristol, and has a population of 83,992. Queen Elizabeth I granted it city status by royal charter in 1590 and the town was made a county borough in 1889, which gave it administrative independence from the county of Somerset. It was attached to Avon County, a non-metropolitan district, when it was created in 1974.
The term Western Front is in the theater of operations in Western Europe during World War II.
The Socialist United Party of Germany was the ruling Communist Party under the German Democratic Republic.
Pointe-des-Cascades is a village municipality in the regional county municipality of Vaudreuil-Soulanges in Quebec, located in the Vallée-du-Haut-Saint-Laurent region in Montérégie ,.
Chase the Chance is Namie Amuro's 2nd regular single released on the avex trax label, or the 4th under her name alone including both on the Toshiba-EMI label. It was released on December 5, 1995 in Japan, written and produced by Tetsuya Komuro. This is the first single from Namie Amuro to reach # 1 on the Oricon chart, and the first to exceed one million sales.
Saint-Félix-de-Dalquier is a municipality in the province of Quebec, in the regional county municipality of Abitibi in the administrative region of Abitibi-Témiscamingue. It is named in honor of Pope Félix I and the soldier Jean d'Alquier de Servian.
Iragna is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Ticino, located in the Riviera district.
John William Snow was the 73rd Secretary of the Treasury of the United States from February 3, 2003 to July 3, 2006 under the two terms of President George W. Bush.
Golden Dawn, or, by its full name Popular Association - Golden Dawn is a far-right Greek political party, often classified as neo-Nazi, by the press. The party, on the other hand, has never defined itself in this way and explicitly rejects this name. Initially the name of a magazine, the party is led by Nikólaos Michaloliákos who founded it in 1992.
Jared Joseph Leto, born December 26, 1971 in Bossier City, Louisiana, is an American actor, singer, producer, musician, and model, who started his acting career in the American television series Angela, 15 and starred as an actor principal in Requiem for a Dream, Mr.
Curtis Dwight Wilbur, born May 10, 1867 and died September 8, 1954, is an American politician. A graduate of the Annapolis Naval Academy, he was then Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of California. In 1924, he was appointed Secretary of the Navy by President Calvin Coolidge, before being appointed to the Court of Appeal for the Ninth Circuit.
Messancy is a French-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Walloon Region in the province of Luxembourg, as well as a locality where its administration is located. It is located on the border of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and not far from France.
FK Metalurg Donetsk is a Ukrainian football club based in Donetsk.
Svetozar Marovi æ n ed March 31, 1955 in Kotor, is a politician Mount e n e grin, pr ed president of the Community e of Serbia and Montenegro States March 7, 2003 to June 3, 2006. It occupies simultaneously the functions of President of the Council of Ministers.
Mauensee is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Lucerne, located in the electoral district of Sursee.
Nottwil is a municipality in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland, located in the electoral district of Sursee.
Saint-Dizier is a French commune located in the department of Haute-Marne and the Champagne-Ardenne region. Halfway between Paris and Strasbourg on the RN4, Saint-Dizier is located 10 km from Lac du Der, one of the largest artificial lakes in Europe, and its inhabitants are called the Bragards.
The principality of Bayreuth or Brandenburg-Bayreuth was an immediate principality of the Holy Roman Empire, centered on the Bavarian city of Bayreuth. Until 1604 it was known as the Principality of Kulmbach. The sovereigns of Hohenzollern of this principality bore the title of margraves, it was a margraviate not a march.
Canada's ice hockey team, officially named Team Canada, is the selection of the best Canadian ice hockey players in international competition.
Virtual XI is the eleventh album by heavy metal band Iron Maiden released on March 23, 1998. It is the second recorded with vocalist Blaze Bayley. The album continues in the tradition of its predecessor, with tracks starting quietly before speed up and make way for traditional heavy riffs.
Trouble is a song by British singer-songwriter Natalia Kills. This is the closing track from his self-titled second studio album. The lyrical part of Trouble addresses the theme of bad behavior and difficulties generally encountered in life, while its musical part is highlighted by its medium tempo and its pop rock sound from the 1990s which emulates the “rock arena”.
Suzanne Fortin-Duplessis BA, Psy.-ped. was a teacher and federal politician from Quebec. Born in Chicoutimi in the Saguenay – Lac-Saint-Jean region, Ms. Fortin began her public career by serving as a municipal councilor in the municipality of Sainte-Foy from 1981 to 1984. of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada in the federal riding of Louis-Hébert in 1984, she was re-elected in 1988.
Living Dangerously is a former wrestling pay-per-view from Extreme Championship Wrestling which ran from 1998-2000 in March.
Colchester is a city in Great Britain located on the Colne in the county of Essex in southern and eastern England. It is built on the remains of the ancient Camulodunum, a fortified port and oppidum of the Breton Belgians on the Colne after the year 80 BC. AD It is the first Roman capital of Britannia after the conquest of Claudius in the year 43.
Hezbollah, founded in June 1982, but revealed publicly in February 1985, is a Lebanese Shiite political movement with an armed wing that is at its origin. It was created in reaction to the Israeli invasion of Lebanon in 1982, with funding from Iran.
Måns Zelmerlöw is a Swedish pop singer of Polish origin. He sings with a strong Skåne accent.
"Dangerous" is a song by Michael Jackson that appears on the fourteenth and final track on the album of the same name, Dangerous. This song was not released as a single; it was originally scheduled to be released as a single only in the US, to be the last single from the Dangerous album, but the release was canceled. It was written and composed by Teddy Riley and Michael Jackson and is New Jack Swing style like 6 other songs on the album.
Pendulum is a drum and bass group, originally from Perth, Australia, formed in 2002, currently residing in London.
Soul-Stram-Gram is the second track from Mylène Farmer's studio album Innamoramento, which was released as a single and can be found in the setlist during the Mylenium Tour.
Ahuntsic-Cartierville is one of the nineteen urban districts of the city of Montreal, Quebec.
Saint-Saphorin-sur-Morges is a locality in the municipality of Echichens and a former Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
Tufuga Efi, born March 1, 1938 in Moto'otua, Samoa, has been the independent head of state of Samoa since June 20, 2007, son of Prince Tupua Tamasese Mea'ole of the Tamasese dynasty, and Irene Gustava Noue Nelson, herself the daughter of Olaf Nelson, studied at Victoria University in Wellington, New Zealand, and in 1966 joined Fono under the label of the Christian Democratic Party.
Note: PC: games played, V: wins, VP: wins in overtime or shootout, D: losses, N: draws, DP: loss in overtime, DP: loss in overtime or shootout, Pts: Points, BP: goals for, BC: goals against.
La Visitation-de-Yamaska ​​is a Canadian municipality in Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Nicolet-Yamaska ​​and the administrative region of Center-du-Québec.
Running is British singer Jessie Ware's debut single from her debut album, Devotion. The single was released on February 24, 2012 on the PMR and Island Records labels.
4 TIMES is the 50th single from Kumi Kōda released under the Rhythm Zone label on August 17, 2011 in Japan. It is released in 4 formats to celebrate its 50th single, CD, CD + DVD, CD + Qlix Digital Camera and CD + Postcard, on these last two versions there is only the song Poppin'love cocktail feat.TEEDA. He finished 6th at the Oricon. It sold 54,773 copies in the first week and remains ranked eight weeks for a total of 73,047 copies sold in all.
Plzeň is the capital of the region of the same name in the Czech Republic. The city is located at the confluence of four rivers: úhlava, úslava, Radbuza and M ž e.
So it was in 1991 that Leeds RUFC was founded after the merger of Roundhay and Headingley. The team's first match was on September 1, 1992 against Hull Ionians. In 1996, the club joined the Rhinos at Headingley Stadium to play their matches and Phil Davies became their player coach.
The Guardian is a British news daily founded in 1821. Its editorial line is usually center-left. A prominent member of the British "quality press", the Guardian website was in 2012 the third most consulted press site in the world.
Isorno is a municipality in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland, located in the district of Locarno.
The Pacific Coast League is a minor league baseball made up of teams located in the western United States. Like the International League, it is ranked at the Triple-A level, one level below Major League Baseball. Each team is affiliated with a Major League franchise, allowing players to develop before they reach the highest level.
Günsberg is a municipality in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, located in the district of Lebern.
Philippe de Bourgogne born July 25, 1404, died in Louvain August 4, 1430, Count of Saint-Pol and Count of Ligny and from April 17, 1427 Duke of Brabant, Lothier and Limbourg. He is the son of Antoine de Brabant, who died at the battle of Agincourt, and Jeanne de Luxembourg-Saint-Pol.
Saint-Bruno is a municipality of Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of Lac-Saint-Jean-Est, in the administrative region of Saguenay – Lac-Saint-Jean. It is named in honor of Bruno le Chartreux.Founded in 1885, this municipality is 64% made up of agricultural land.
Saint-David-de-Falardeau is a municipality of Quebec, part of the regional county municipality of Fjord-du-Saguenay, located in the administrative region of Saguenay – Lac-Saint-Jean.
This article deals with the Quebec municipality named Belcourt. For the old district of Algiers, see Belcourt. Belcourt is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of La Vallée-de-l'Or in Abitibi-Témiscamingue.
Jochen Rindt is an Austrian racing driver of German origin. Present in Formula 1 from 1964 to 1970, he was crowned world champion in 1970 posthumously, a unique fact in the annals of Formula 1.
Lac-des-Dix-Milles is an unorganized territory that is part of the regional county municipality of Matawinie in Quebec, which is part of the administrative region of Lanaudière.
Bofflens is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois.
Estácio de Albuquerque Coimbra was a Brazilian lawyer and politician.
The Peruvian Nationalist Party, is a Peruvian political party led by Ollanta Humala. He defends a nationalist ideology sharing close links with ethnocacerism, sovereignty, socialism and Bolivarianism. In 2006, the PNP allied with the Union for Peru and won the first round of the presidential election with just over 30% of the vote. He will be beaten in the second round by Alan Garcia, despite the support of marginalized rural and urban populations.
Saint-Malo is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of Coaticook in Estrie.It is crossed by road 253.
Armagh is a city in Northern Ireland, the capital of the former County Armagh and the District of Armagh, which covers only the central third of the county. The city is called in Irish Ard Mhacha, or "Heights of Macha". Since 1994, Armagh has officially had city status, and the ruins of Navan Fort, adjacent to the city, were once the capital of Ulster, known as Eamhain Mhacha in Ireland.
REO Speedwagon is an American rock group from the town of Champaign, Illinois that grew in popularity in the American Midwest and peaked in the 1980s. Their best-known songs are Keep On Loving You and Can 't Fight This Feeling, which belong to the power ballad category. His album Hi Infidelity was a great success and included the hit Take It On The Run.
Abbeville is a French commune located in the department of the Somme and the Picardy region. It is one of the administrative centers of the Somme, on the Somme. It was the capital of Ponthieu. Its inhabitants are called the Abbevillois.
Kill the DJ is a song by the American punk rock band Green Day. It was released on August 15, 2012 as the second single from ¡Uno !, the group's ninth studio album.
Holy Wars ... The Punishment Due is the opening track Rust in Peace by the thrash metal band Megadeth, released in 1990.The song has an unusual structure, making up the first part of the track at 2:26 and then shifting after an acoustic bridge by Marty Friedman to a different, slower and heavier line called The Punishment Due.
Hussein Dey's athletic Nasr is an Algerian sports club founded on June 15, 1947. The club is based in Hussein Dey.
Daniel Craig is a British actor born March 2, 1968 in Chester, England. He is the sixth actor to play the role of James Bond in the cinema, making his debut in the 21st episode of the saga, Casino Royale, before returning to the costume of the secret agent in the sequels Quantum of Solace, Skyfall and Specter.
Hasle is a municipality in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland, located in the electoral district of Entlebuch.
Idrissa Seck is a Senegalese politician, born August 9, 1959 in Thiès, former Prime Minister and current mayor of Thiès.
Jaramogi Ajuma Oginga Odinga better known under the simple name of Odinga or Jaramogi was a Luo of the jo Asembo clan who became an important figure in the Kenyan struggle for their independence. He was the first independent vice-president of the Republic of Kenya before resigning to lead the political opposition to the ideas of President Jomo Kenyatta. His second son, Raila Odinga, was the second, and last, Kenyan Prime Minister in office.
The Italian Radicals, a former Italian Radical Party, is an Italian political party that has long had the Rose in its fist as its symbol, borrowed from the French Socialist Party, and is part of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe group. since July 2004. He considers himself a "liberal, liberist, libertarian movement, subject of the Transnational Radical Party".
Musson is a French-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Walloon Region in the province of Luxembourg, as well as a locality where its administration is located. The town experienced its heyday between the 19th and 20th centuries thanks to its iron and steel plant. It is part of the Gaumaise Lorraine and the 25 municipalities of the cross-border agglomeration of the European development pole.
Suffer Well is the 43rd single from Depeche Mode. This is the third track from the album Playing the Angel. It was released on March 27, 2006 in Europe and the following day in the United States; this track is composed by Dave Gahan, Andrew Phillpott and Christian Eigner. This is the first single from Depeche Mode with lyrics written by Dave Gahan, it is also the first single since Just Can't Get Enough which was not composed by Martin L. Gore.
Marguerite de Brzeg, daughter of Louis I of Brzeg and Agnes of G ł og ó w. Duchess consort of Bavi è re-Straubing by her marriage to Albert I of Hainaut.
Steffisburg is a municipality in the canton of Bern in Switzerland, located in the administrative district of Thun.
The Australian dollar is the official currency of Australia and its dependencies such as: Christmas Island, Norfolk Island, Cocos Islands, Heard and MacDonald Islands.It is also the official currency of independent states such as: Republic of Kiribati, Republic of Nauru and Tuvalu. However, Kiribati, Nauru and Tuvalu have specific coins. Its symbols are $ A, AU $ or $ AU and its ISO code is AUD. Financial newspapers nickname it Aussie by reference to the namesake Australian Shepherd dog.
Vuitebœuf is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois, on the main road between Yverdon and Sainte-Croix.
Latvia has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest since its 45th edition in 2000 and won it once in 2002.
Count Hideo Kodama, born July 19, 1876 in Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan, and died at the age of 70 on April 7, 1947, is a Japanese politician. He is the eldest son of General Kodama Gentarō and the husband of the daughter of Prime Minister Terauchi Masatake.
The city of Helena is the state capital of Montana, United States. It is also the county seat of Lewis and Clark. At the time of the 2010 census, it had 28,180 inhabitants.
Alemannia Aachen is a German football club playing in Regionalliga West and based in Aachen.
Hedwig of Denmark, born August 5, 1581 at Frederiksborg Castle and died at Lichtenburg Castle on November 26, 1641, is a princess of Denmark and Norway who became electress consort of Saxony through her marriage to Christian II of Saxony.
Steven Moffat, born November 18, 1961 in Paisley, is a British screenwriter and creator of television series. He is best known for his work on the Doctor Who and Sherlock series, and has won numerous awards including BAFTAs and Hugo Awards for some of his Doctor Who episodes. He also wrote the screenplay for The Adventures of Tintin: The Secret of The Unicorn, the first part of the Tintin film trilogy, directed by Steven Spielberg.
Edmundston is a Canadian city in Madawaska County, in northwestern New Brunswick. It is the second largest predominantly French-speaking Canadian city outside Quebec, after Dieppe in New Brunswick.
Soft Cell is a 1980s new wave music group born from the bond between Marc Almond and Dave Ball, Marc writing the lyrics and Dave composing the music. Their biggest hit was Tainted Love.
Penthalaz is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Gros-de-Vaud. Cited in 1182, the town was part of the district of Cossonay between 1798 and 2007. It was populated by 3,009 inhabitants in 2013.
Roberto Orci is an American producer and screenwriter of Mexican origin. He was born on July 20, 1973, in Mexico City. He often works in collaboration with Alex Kurtzman.
Peter John Hollingworth, born April 10, 1935 in Adelaide, South Australia, is an Australian clergyman who served as Anglican Archbishop of Brisbane from 1989 to 2001 before becoming the 23rd Governor General from June 29, 2001 to May 28, 2003. must resign after a very critical report about him on the Anglican Church.
The first battle of the Marne, often identified as "the Battle of the Marne", took place during the First World War, from September 5 to September 12, 1914 between the German army on the one hand and the German army on the other hand. French army and the British expeditionary force.
Studen is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Bern, located in the administrative district of Zealand.
Marie Pavlovna, Grand Duchess of Russia born April 18, 1890, died December 13, 1958, is the daughter of the Grand Duke of Russia Paul Alexandrovich and Alexandra of Greece. On May 3, 1908, she married Prince William of Sweden, Duke of Södermanland, from whom she divorced on March 13, 1914. In 1917, she married Prince Sergei Mikhailovich Poutiatine. From this union was born Lennart Bernadotte, Duke of Smaland and Count of Wisborg.
Sumatra is an Indonesian island located on the equator. Its name comes from Samudra, a 13th century Muslim kingdom in the north of the island. With its 473,481 km2, it is the seventh largest island in the world, and a surface slightly larger than Iraq and has 50,365,538 inhabitants. The main languages ​​spoken are: Aceh, Batak, Malay, Minangkabau.
Hasdrubal Barca, born in 245 BC and died in 207 BC in the Metaur, is a Carthaginian soldier. He is the second son of Hamilcar Barca and the brother of Hannibal Barca and Magon Barca, members of the Barcid dynasty.
The Gers is a French department. It takes its name from the Gers, a tributary of the Garonne. INSEE and La Poste give it code 32.
Monte-Carlo is a district of Monaco. It is home to the famous Monte-Carlo Casino. Monte-Carlo is divided into three ordered districts: Monte-Carlo, La Rousse and Larvotto.
Mubarak al-Shamikh born May 15, 1952 in Benghazi, is a Libyan engineer and politician, head of state of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya from 2009 to 2010. Appointed by Colonel Mouammar Gadhafi, he succeeded March 5, 2009 to Muftah Kaïba.
Mike Porcaro, born Michael Joseph Porcaro on May 29, 1955 in Hartford, Connecticut, is an American rock bassist from a family of musicians, brother to Steve and Jeff Porcaro. Between 1984 and 2007, he was the bassist of the Californian rock group Toto, with whom he spent his entire musical career.
One After 909 is a Beatles song written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney. It was first released on the Let It Be album on May 8, 1970 in Great Britain, and ten days later in the United States. Written in 1957, it is one of the first compositions of the still adolescent Lennon / McCartney tandem.
Wind is the 29th single from Kumi Kōda released under the Rhythm Zone label on February 12, 2006 in Japan. He reached 3rd place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 34,201 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 6 weeks, for a total of 46,619 copies sold. Wind is the 11th single in a series of 12, a new release every week for 12 weeks.
Peter Charles Paire O'Neill is a Papua New Guinean politician and businessman.
Mikan is the 35th single from Jpop's group Morning Musume.
The area of the Bagmati - in Nepal: बागमती अञ्चल - is one of the 14 areas of Nepal. It is attached to the Center development region. 
Ivan VI was Emperor of Russia from 1740 to 1741. Son of Anna Leopoldovna and Antoine-Ulrich Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel, he was designated as heir to the throne by his great-aunt Anne Ivanovna.
Roquemaure is a municipality in Quebec, located in the MRC of Abitibi-Ouest in Abitibi-Témiscamingue, on the shores of Lake Abitibi.
Switzerland has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest since its first edition in 1956 and has won it twice: in 1956 and 1988.
Joseph Lawton Collins, born May 1, 1896 in New Orleans, died September 12, 1987 in Washington, DC, was a General in the United States Army. He served during World War II, in the Pacific and in Europe, and then during the Korean War.
Saint-Marcel is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of L'Islet in the Chaudière-Appalaches region. The 2006 census counted 527 inhabitants.
Fortierville is a municipality of Quebec, located in the MRC of Bécancour, in the Center-du-Quebec. The 2010 census counted 713 inhabitants.
Lovefoxxx is the artist name of Luísa Hanaê Matsushita, born February 25, 1984 in Campinas, Brazil. She is the singer and frontman of the electro-rock group Cansei from Ser Sexy.
County Down is one of the six counties that make up Northern Ireland. It is part of the province of Ulster. Its surface area is 2,448 km2 for nearly 532,000 inhabitants. Its capital is Downpatrick. The most easterly point of the island of Ireland is found in the interior of the county. The county is surrounded by County Antrim to the north, Armagh to the west, from Louth to the southwest and by the Irish Sea to the east.
Government Hooker is a song by American artist Lady Gaga, from her third studio album, Born This Way. It is written by the singer in collaboration with Fernando Garibay and DJ White Shadow, and is produced by the same trio, to which is added DJ Snake.
Rideau Hall is the official residence of the Monarch and the Governor General of Canada. It is located at 1 Sussex Drive in Ottawa.
Blitzkrieg Bop is the first single from American punk rock band The Ramones. It is written and composed largely by Tommy Ramone and to a lesser extent by Dee Dee Ramone. Nonetheless, the composition and writing work was credited to the entire group.The track was recorded in February 1976 and it was the first track to appear on their debut album Ramones which was released in April 1976.
Merelbeke is a Dutch-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Flemish Region, in the province of East Flanders. Portal of East Flanders Portal of East Flanders
The Swiss Federal Railways, in German Schweizerische Bundesbahnen, in Italian Ferrovie Federali Svizzere, and in Romansh Viafiers federalas svizras, are the main railway company in Switzerland, headquartered in Bern.
Vich is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Nyon.
Prince Moulay Abdellah ben Mohammed is a member of the Alaouite dynasty, born July 30, 1935 and died December 23, 1983 in Rabat. He is the youngest son Mohammed V and brother Hassan II, kings of Morocco. In 1961, he married Lamia El Solh, daughter of the first of the presidents of the Lebanese Council of Ministers, Riad El Solh, and the first non-Alawite woman by blood awarded the predicate of highness.
Büttikon is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Bremgarten.
Christophe of Bavaria, king of Denmark under the name of Christophe III in 1440, of Sweden on October 4, 1440 and of Norway in 1442. He is a founding member of the Order of the Dragon.
Saint-Marc-de-Figuery is a parish municipality in the province of Quebec, in the regional county municipality of Abitibi in the administrative region of Abitibi-Témiscamingue.
Saint-émile-de-Suffolk is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of Papineau in the Outaouais.
Haut-Intyamon is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Friborg, located in the district of Gruyère.
Primorje-Gorski Kotar County is a Croatian county located in western Croatia, in Istria. The capital is the city of Rijeka. According to the census carried out in 2011, the county has 296,195 inhabitants.
Keep Tryin 'is Hikaru Utada's sixteenth single, released in 2006.
Useless is a song by the British group Depeche Mode. It appeared on the Ultra album released in 1997, and was also released as the band's thirty-fourth single on October 20, 1997. It was released with Home as a double A-side in the US as Useless was broadcast on the stations. radio stations before Home was announced. On the other hand, it was not released in France.Useless is a track in the line of Barrel of a Gun with a more pop sound.
Fenriz, born Leif Nagell and later Gylve Fenris Nagell, is a Norwegian multi-instrumentalist musician. He is the drummer, vocalist and one of the founding members of the black metal band Darkthrone, and has also founded many solo projects and bands whose genre varies by band.
The Chicago White Sox are a Chicago-based baseball franchise playing in Major League Baseball. It rather corresponds to the southern districts of the city as opposed to the Cubs, of the north. Three-time World Series winners, the White Sox were behind the biggest scandal in baseball history, the Black Sox scandal. In 1919, eight Sox players accepted bribes to lose the World Series and were struck off for life.
Abulfaz Elchibey was an Azerbaijani politician, former President of Azerbaijan between June 1992 and June 1993. His surname was originally “Aliev”, but he was not related to Heydar and Ilham Aliev.
Tabitha Smith is a fictional character, a superheroine belonging to the universe of Marvel Comics. . Created by Jim Shooter and Al Milgrom, it first appeared in the Secret Wars II # 5 comic book in November 1985. It had the following codenames Big Bang or Boom Boom and Meltdown
Pallacanestro Virtus Roma is an Italian basketball club based in the city of Rome. The club belongs to the LegA, the highest level of the Italian championship.
The Citroën Visa is a five-door automobile produced from 1978 to 1988 which succeeds the Citroën Ami 8. It precedes both the Citroën AX but also the Citroën ZX, due to its superior positioning in the range, also including a length between two. The new small Citroën is based on the platform of the Peugeot 104. This one as well as the Renault 5 are the French competitors of the Visa.
Laura van den Bruel, known as Airis or Iris, born January 19, 1995 in Morkhoven, Belgium, is a Belgian Flemish singer.
Erfurt is a city in Germany, capital of Thuringia, Catholic bishopric and university town, founded in the 8th century, crossed by the river Gera.Erfurt is the largest city in Thuringia and one of the three regional metropolises alongside Gera and Jena.
Kemmental is a municipality in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland, located in the district of Kreuzlingen.
Julio César Vásquez is an Argentinian boxer born July 13, 1966 in Santa Fe.
Sir Kenneth Octavius ​​Hall, born April 24, 1941 in Lucea, Jamaica, is the former Governor General of Jamaica from February 16, 2006 to February 26, 2009. He is the fifth Governor General of that country since independence in 1962 Kenneth Hall received an MA in International Relations and a Doctorate in History from Queen's University, Canada. He has taught history, Caribbean studies, and American studies at the State University of New York.
Same Old Song And Dance is a song by the American hard rock band Aerosmith. Written by Joe Perry and Steven Tyler, it opens the Get Your Wings album released in 1974. Although it did not become a big hit, it is still broadcast today on American radios and very regularly performed live.
MP3 is the third album of Mr. Pokora, released in France on March 24, 2008 as well as in 27 countries thereafter including, among others, South Africa, Germany, Canada, South Korea, Spain, Finland, Italy, Japan, Mexico and Portugal. The album is available in three editions: the original, the limited one which contains two bonus tracks and the collector's one which benefits from a poster in addition to the two bonus tracks already present on the limited edition.
Beerse is a Dutch-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Flemish Region in the province of Antwerp. The municipality is made up of Beerse itself as well as Vlimmeren. As of January 1, 2006 Beerse had a total population of 16,482. By the end of 2007, it had risen to 16.757. Its total area is 37.48 km2 which gives a density of 447 inhabitants per km2. The pharmaceutical company Janssen Pharmaceutica, founded by Dr.
The National League North, formerly Conference North is an English non-league football championship set up by the National League. The championship is ranked at the 6th level of the English pyramid system, at the same level as the National League South.
Josip Manoli æ n e 22 March 1920 in Kalinovac, Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, is a Croatian politician, Prime Minister of the Republic of Croatia of 24 August 1990 to 27 July 1991.
Soyuz 7 is a Soviet Union space program flight launched on October 12, 1969.
Daniel Ortega Saavedra is a Nicaraguan politician, current President of the Republic. He was elected in the election of November 5, 2006, and was invested with his powers on January 10, 2007.
Hamar is a town and municipality in the county of Hedmark, Norway, situated in the heart of an area of ​​85,000 inhabitants, which was an important center of power in the Viking era and the seat of a bishopric and a place of trading in the Middle Ages, and one of the most important agricultural areas in the country.Hamar is located on the shores of Lake Mjøsa, the largest in Norway, and is the main town in Hedmark County.
County Armagh is a county on the island of Ireland. County Armagh is often called the Orchard of Ireland thanks to the fertility of the soil. The main town is Armagh.
Frank Vincent Zappa is an American musician, guitarist, songwriter, performer, sound engineer, producer, satirist and director. His works deal with several distinct genres: rock, jazz and classical music, as well as an affinity with concrete music.
Peter Hintze, born April 25, 1950 in Honnef, is a German politician and member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany.
Victoria County is located in western New Brunswick, Canada. There were a total of 19,921 inhabitants in 2011. The county's economy is based on agriculture, mainly potatoes.
The Man with the Child in His Eyes is a song by Kate Bush. This is the fifth track from his debut album The Kick Inside and was released as his second single in 1978, except in Japan where the song moving preceded it.
Saint-Mathieu-du-Parc is a municipality of Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Maskinongé and in the administrative region of Mauricie.
County Clare is an administrative district of the Republic of Ireland located in the province of Munster. It is located on the west coast of Ireland, northwest of the Shannon and west of Lough Derg. Its population is approximately 117,200 inhabitants for an area of ​​3,147 km2. Its capital is the city of Ennis.
Louis-Charles de Bourbon, is a French prince, born at the castle of Sceaux on October 15, 1701 where he died on July 13, 1775. He was Duke of Aumale, Duke of Maine, Duke of Gisors, Count of Eu, Count de Dreux, prince of Anet and baron de Sceaux, and also the last prince of Dombes from 1755 to 1762, when sovereignty was annexed to the Kingdom of France. Second son of the Duke of Maine, he is the grandson of the King of France Louis XIV.
Egliswil is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Lenzburg.
STS-37 was the ninth mission of the space shuttle Atlantis, the purpose of which was to launch the fourth Tracking and Data Relay Satellite, TDRS-E. It also gives rise to the sending of the first email from space.
The United States dollar or United States dollar or United States dollar or USD is the national currency of the United States and its overseas territories; it is also that of Ecuador, Zimbabwe, Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, Panama, El Salvador, East Timor, Turks and Caicos Islands, British Virgin Islands and BES Islands . It is divided into 100 cents. Its ISO 4217 code is "USD", with the name "United States dollar".
Luitpold or Leopold of Bavaria, prince then prince-regent of Bavaria, was born March 12, 1821 in Würzburg and died December 12, 1912 in Munich. After having been for a time the heir to the throne of Greece, he becomes regent and heir of the kingdom of Bavaria.
The Order of Leopold is the most important military and civil order in Belgium, it owes its name to King Leopold I and was founded in 1832.
Fischingen is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Thurgau, famous for its abbey and its baroque church.
Bonne d'Artois, born in 1396 and died in Dijon on September 17, 1425, is a French princess of the first quarter of the 15th century, who briefly became Duchess of Burgundy through her second marriage to Philippe le Bon, Duke of Burgundy.
Venus and Mars is the fourth album of the group Wings released in 1975. Produced in the tradition of the success of Band on the Run, the album is also in the shadow of what had been a great commercial success. Wings democratize, and compositions by Denny Laine and Jimmy McCulloch appear, although Paul McCartney remains the undisputed leader of the group. Musically, the album is in the vein of the time with many sound effects and a lot of arrangements.
The Ministry of Defense is an executive department responsible for the defense policy of the government, and the headquarters of the British armed forces, and is headed by the Secretary of State for Defense, more commonly known as the Defense Secretary.
Soyuz T-3 is a Soviet space mission.
Corcyra or Corfu is a Greek island located in the Ionian Sea, on the western facade of Greece, near its border with Albania.
The Copa América is the most important international football competition organized by CONMEBOL, it takes place alternately every two, three or four years since the first edition in 1916.
Yo is Chris Brown's second single from his first album bearing his name. The track was produced by Dre & Vidal, and is Brown's second single to make the top ten in the US, placing precisely 7th, on February 7, 2006. It was certified Platinum by the RIAA. In other countries, "Yo" placed 13th in the UK, and number 10 in Australia.
Ai Takahashi is a Japanese singer and actress, ex-idol with Hello! Project.
Lac-du-Taureau is an unorganized territory that is part of the regional county municipality of Matawinie in Quebec, which is part of the administrative region of Lanaudière.
Mülheim an der Ruhr is a city of about 170,000 inhabitants in Germany, located in the Land of North Rhine-Westphalia. It was founded in 1808 under Napoleon I by the regrouping of several municipalities. A century later, Mülheim had over 100,000 inhabitants and thus became a large city.
édouard Drouyn de Lhuys, born November 19, 1805 and died March 1, 1881 in Paris, is a French diplomat and politician, deputy under the July Monarchy, several times Minister of Foreign Affairs under the Second Republic and the Second Empire, senator .
Richmond, is a city of Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of Val-Saint-François, in the administrative region of Estrie. Located on the banks of the Saint-François river, halfway between Sherbrooke and Drummondville, in the heart of the Eastern Townships.
Blackburn English pronunciation is a British town of 105,085 inhabitants. It depended on Lancashire but has been under the unitary authority of Blackburn and Darwen since 1998. The population is approximately 140,000 inhabitants including the metropolitan area of ​​Darwen. The football club town of Blackburn Rovers Football Club was a major textile center during the Industrial Revolution.
List_of_sover_of_Jordan Here is a list of the sovereigns of Jordan.
Sigvard Oscar Fredrik of Sweden, Duke of Uppland then Count Bernadotte of Wisborg, was born June 7, 1907 and died February 4, 2002. Second son of King Gustaf VI Adolf of Sweden and his first wife, Princess Margaret of Connaught, he's a Swedish designer.
Vilnius, formerly Vilna, is the capital of Lithuania. With more than 500,000 inhabitants, it is the most populous city in the country.
Richard Charles Albert Holbrooke is a senior American diplomat, the only one to have served as Assistant Secretary of State for two regions of the world: Asia and Europe.
The Baltic Basketball League officially called the SEB Baltic Basketball League is a basketball championship with special status, bringing together the best teams from the Baltic countries. It was founded in 2004 following the principle of the Adriatic League.The league complements the national championships. However, the league is part of the Union of European Basketball Leagues just like any other European league.
Santa Ana is the seat and second largest city in Orange County, California, United States. It is located approximately 16 km from the Pacific Ocean and is crossed by the Santa Ana River. This city is known to host a very large Mexican population, comprising today more than 75% of the total number of inhabitants, whereas it was formerly mainly inhabited by WASPs. Founded in 1869 by William H.
Alpnach is a municipality in the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland.
Vestby Station is a Norwegian railway station on the Østfold line, located in the territory of the municipality of Vestby in the county of Akershus.
Fondmetal is a former Formula 1 team which played two seasons of the world championship in 1991 and 1992. Fondmetal was created in 1991, following the takeover of the small team Osella. The team only managed to qualify nineteen times, their best result was 10th and their best qualifying was 10th on the grid.
Juan Manuel Abal Medina, is an Argentinian politician and writer, who became Chief of Staff of the Ministers of Argentina from December 10, 2011.
Alfa Romeo is an Italian automobile manufacturing company founded on June 24, 1910 in Milan. Since 1986, this automobile manufacturer has been part of the Fiat SpA Group and since February 2007 has been a division of Fiat Group Automobiles SpA which brings together all the automobile brands of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles. It was previously owned by the Italian state, through its public holding IRI, from 1933 to 1986.
Frank George Wisner II, born July 2, 1938 in New York City, is an American diplomat and politician, Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security under George HW Bush, United States Secretary of State acting in 1993, then Under Secretary for Defense Policy under Clinton.
Waterville is a city in Quebec, located in the MRC of Coaticook in the Eastern Townships, and is accessible via route 143.
Howard Stark is a fictional character belonging to the Marvel Comics universe. Created by screenwriter Archie Goodwin and cartoonist Don Heck, the character first appeared in the August 1970 Iron Man # 28 comic book. He is loosely based on industrial tycoon Howard Hughes.
Blida, nicknamed "The City of Roses", is a town in the wilaya of Blida, of which it is the capital, in Algeria. Located in contact with the Blidean Atlas and Mitidja, Blida was founded in the 16th century for welcome Andalusian immigrants. It is 50 km from the Algerian capital, and consists of a doublet city of Algiers.
Microsoft Mobile is a mobile phone operating system developed by Microsoft. Light version of Windows, this OS has been replaced by Windows Phone Software portal Software portal Telecommunications portal Telecommunications portal
Saint-Louis, Ndar in Wolof, is one of the largest cities in Senegal and, historically, one of the most important, as evidenced by its inclusion on the UNESCO World Heritage List. It is often called "Saint-Louis-du-Senegal".
Rated R is the fourth album by singer Rihanna, released by the Def Jam label on November 23, 2009. The title of the album refers to a code designating in the United States films prohibited to under 17 years unaccompanied by. an adult.
Izhevsk is a city in Russia and the capital of the Republic of Udmurtia. Izhevsk is the first city of Udmurtia in terms of its population: 632,913 inhabitants in 2013.
Robert Del Naja, also known by the pseudonym 3D, is an English artist and musician. Originally a famous graffiti artist and member of Bristol's art community known as The Wild Bunch, Del Naja became a founding member of Massive Attack.
Skinny Love is a composition of the American indie folk group Bon Iver released on April 28, 2008 in digital format. The song, written by Justin Vernon, matches the 1st single from their 1st studio album For Emma, ​​Forever Ago. In 2011, the song was covered by British musician Birdy.
The House of Oldenburg is a European reigning dynasty. It originated from the county of Oldenburg, northwest of the Holy Roman Empire, and has ruled Denmark since 1448 and Norway since 1905. It has also given rulers to Russia, Greece and Sweden.
Frédéric Mitterrand, born August 21, 1947 in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, is a cultural personality, television host and producer and Franco-Tunisian politician. A nephew of François Mitterrand, he is alternately a cinema operator, animator. television producer, columnist and writer, documentary and film maker and director of the Académie de France in Rome from 2008 to 2009.
Marcel Massé CP, OC, CR, BA, LL.B., B.Ph., Dhc was a businessman and federal politician from Quebec.Born in Montreal, Mr. Massé served as Clerk of the Privy Council in 1979, either during the ephemeral government of Joe Clark. He was then President of the Canadian International Development Agency on two occasions and Undersecretary for External Affairs.
Enschede is a municipality and a city in the east of the Netherlands located in the province of Overijssel, in the region of Twente.
Liévin is a French commune located in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region. With its 31,580 inhabitants in the last census of 2012, Liévin is the fifth municipality of the department. Its inhabitants are called Liévinois.Originally, a small agricultural village, the town experienced a significant boom with the development of the mining industry in the north of France. It has been a great center of mining.
Packington is a parish municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of Témiscouata in Bas-Saint-Laurent. Packington is located southwest of Lac Témiscouata, and south of Témiscouata-sur-le-Lac. Packington is crossed by the Canadian National Railway.
Mario Laframboise is a notary by training and a Quebec politician. Elected Member of Parliament for Argenteuil — Papineau — Mirabel in the House of Commons of Canada in 2000, he was re-elected in 2004, 2006 and in 2008. In 2011, he was defeated by the neo -Democrat Mylène Freeman. He was the spokesperson for the Bloc Québécois on Transport, Infrastructure and Communities.
Fratton Park is a football stadium located in Portsmouth. This is the home grounds of the Portsmouth Football Club. This 20,224-seat stadium was inaugurated on September 6, 1899. The attendance record was 51,385 spectators on February 26, 1949 for an FA Challenge Cup match Portsmouth FC-Derby County FC.
Jean-François Lisée is a journalist, writer and politician from Quebec.
Schöftland is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Kulm.
Woking is a district and an important town in Surrey, north of Guildford. The McLaren team's factory and the brand's head office are located in the town of Woking. The administrative offices of the NGO Plan International, an international coalition which acts to empower excluded children and young people living in areas of extreme poverty, are also located in Woking.
Nels Cline is an American guitarist and songwriter, born in Los Angeles in 1956. He is an active member of the alternative rock group Wilco.
Bury is a British town traditionally located in Lancashire, but since 1974 has been part of the new urban county of Greater Manchester. Its population was estimated in 2011 at 60,718 inhabitants. The city is home to the Bury Football Club which plays in the English third division.
The wilaya of Ouargla,, is an Algerian wilaya. The wilaya of Ouargla is the economic heart and lung of Algeria thanks to the oil of Hassi Messaoud. It has an area of ​​211,980 km2, and its population is estimated at 633,967. This wilaya brings together, since the end of the 1970s, all origins and represents all the communities of this country.
The town of Basseterre, with an estimated population of 13,200 in 2001, is the capital of the state of Saint Kitts and Nevis in the Lesser Antilles and is located on Saint Kitts Island. It is one of the main commercial depots in the Lesser Antilles. The refining of cane sugar, the main industrial activity, was stopped in 2005.
Maria Dobroniega of Kiev, born around 1012 and died in 1087, is a Russian princess of the Riourikides family, Duchess of Poland by her marriage to Duke Casimir I. She is one of the children of Vladimir I, Grand Prince of Kiev . The identity of her mother is not determined with certainty, her father married six times and had many children, around 1042 she married Casimir I the Restorer, Duke of Poland.
María Teresa Fernández de la Vega Sanz, born June 15, 1949 in Valencia, is a Spanish lawyer and politician, former member of the Unified Socialist Party of Catalonia, she worked at the head of the Ministry of Justice between 1982 and 1990, then sat to the general council of the judiciary.
Alessandro "Alex" Zanardi, born October 23, 1966 in Bologna, is an Italian racing driver who became a disabled sports cyclist.
Chuan Leekpai, Prime Minister from 1992 to 1995 then from 1997 to 2001.
Robert-Baldwin is a provincial electoral district located in the Montreal region. The current MP is Carlos J. Leitao, of the Liberal Party of Quebec, elected in the 2014 Quebec general election. The constituency is named in honor of Robert Baldwin, a reformist politician in United Canada and an ally of Louis -Hippolyte La Fontaine.
Amédée III of Savoy or of Savoy-Maurienne, born around 1095 and died on August 30, 1148 in Cyprus during the second crusade, is the 7th count of Savoy and Maurienne and marquis of Susa.
Renai Revolution 21, or Ren'ai Revolution 21 is the 11th single from the group Morning Musume. The title, which means "Love Revolution 21", is actually pronounced in English Love Revolution Twenty-One in the song.
Wolhusen is a municipality in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland, located in the electoral district of Entlebuch.
Tourville is a municipality in the regional county municipality of L'Islet in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches.
British Steel is the sixth album by British heavy metal band Judas Priest.
Radio Bemba Sound System is a live album by Manu Chao recorded in Paris in September 2001 and released in September 2002. "Radio Bemba" was the name given by the Cuban revolutionaries to the "word of mouth" system.
Resistance is Mika Nakashima's debut album, and can be considered as his second album, released under Sony Music Associated Records on November 7, 2002 in Japan; just three months after her debut album TRUE. He reached 1st place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 132,150 copies the first week, and remains classified 6 weeks, for a total of 199,965 copies sold.
Amédée IV of Savoy, born in Montmélian in 1197 and died on June 24, 1253 in the same city, was the 10th count of Savoy, Aosta and Maurienne and lord of Piedmont from 1233 to 1253.
Windhoek is a city in southern Africa, capital of the Republic of Namibia since its independence in 1990, after having been that of the German then South African colony of South West Africa. Located in central Namibia at an altitude of 1,700 meters, it is the country's largest city and its political, cultural, economic, financial and social center.
Makeba Riddick is a singer-songwriter. She has notably worked as an author on Beyoncé Knowles' album B'Day released in 2006, as well as on Rihanna's 2009 album Rated R. Hip-hop portal Hip-hop portal
Ivan Franco Capelli is a former Italian racing driver, born May 24, 1963 in Milan. The career of this driver, great hope of Formula 1 at the end of the 1980s, was shattered by a disastrous season at Ferrari.
Lietuvos rytas is a Lithuanian basketball club based in Vilnius. The club is named after a local newspaper which is its main sponsor.
Flühli is a municipality in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland, located in the electoral district of Entlebuch.
Andrej Babiš, born September 2, 1954 in Bratislava, is a Czech businessman and politician and member of Disgruntled Citizens Action. He has been the first vice-president of the government and Minister of Finance since January 29, 2014.
Jakub Mateusz Morawiecki, born June 20, 1968 in Wroc 3 aw, is a banker and Polish statesman, pr e President of the Council of Ministers since 11 d é December 2017.
Moulay Youssef or possibly Moulay Youssef ben Hassan, born in 1881 in Meknes and died on November 17, 1927 in Fez, is a sultan of the Alaouite dynasty. He reigned from 1912 until his death and was the second sultan to hold office during the French and Spanish protectorates in Morocco.
Santa Flora is one of the ten districts into which the Brazilian city of Santa Maria is divided, in the state of Rio Grande do Sul.
Saint-Ours is a town in the regional county municipality of Pierre-De Saurel in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Montérégie.
Victoria Louise Adélaïde Mathilde Charlotte de Hohenzollern, Princess of Prussia, Duchess of Brunswick, born September 13, 1892 and died December 11, 1980 at the age of 88, is the only and last daughter of the seven children of Kaiser Wilhelm II and the Empress née Augusta-Victoria of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg. The Viktoria-Luise-Platz, place de Berlin-Schöneberg, owes its name to it.
Invincible is the 20th single from the British group Muse, fourth single from their album Black Holes & Revelations. This is the sixth track on the album.
The US city of Boise is the state capital of Idaho and the seat of Ada County. It is located 740 km east of Portland, in the Snake Valley, at an altitude of 830 m. Crossed by the river of the same name, it is bordered to the north by the massive Sawtooth Mountain Range, to the south by the Owyhee Mountains and to the west by the Columbia Plateau and the Blue Mountains.
Capricorn, or the Goat, is a constellation of the zodiac crossed by the Sun from January 19 to February 15. In the order of the zodiac, the constellation is located between Sagittarius in the west and Aquarius in the east. Capricorn also designates a sign of the zodiac corresponding to the 30 ° sector of the ecliptic crossed by the Sun from December 21 to January 20.
Joan Röell, born in Haarlem on July 21, 1844 and died in The Hague on July 13, 1914, was a Dutch liberal lawyer and politician from a distinguished family of administrators.Röell was, as a former Registrar of the States of Hollande, well aware of the organization of national policy and water management. In 1877, he was elected to the lower house for the constituency of Utrecht. He does not have a specialization, but is interested in a lot of different subjects.
Ajaccio is a French commune, prefecture of the Corse-du-Sud department, prefecture of the Corsica region and seat of the territorial community of Corsica. Ajaccio, "imperial city" and formerly "city of coral", is also known to be the first French city liberated during World War II, September 9, 1943.
Kurt Gscheidle, born December 16, 1924 in Stuttgart and died February 22, 2003 in Saarbrücken, was a West German politician, member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany, of which he represented the right wing, and who was Federal Minister Posts from 1974 to 1982, combining this post with that of Transport until 1980.
Open Your Eyes is the fifth single from Snow Patrol's Eyes Open album, released in 2006.
The Compass is a tiny constellation in the Southern Hemisphere, located right next to the bright α and β stars of the Centaur.
The President of the Republic of Kosovo is the Head of State of Kosovo. He is elected by the Kosovo Assembly. The first official “Kosovo President” is Fatmir Sejdiu, while the province is still under international administration. He is also the first President of the Republic of independent Kosovo.
Dennis Cutler Blair, born February 4, 1947 in Kittery, is the third and former Director of National Intelligence to President Barack Obama and a former Four Star Admiral of the United States Navy. Appointed by Obama, he was confirmed by the Senate on January 28, 2009, and took office the next day.
Saloth Sar, better known as Pol Pot, was the political and military leader of the Khmer Rouge, supporters of radical communism, and from 1976 to 1979 he was the Prime Minister of Cambodia, then called Democratic Kampuchea. Yale University's Cambodian Genocide Studies program estimates the death toll of its government's policies at around 1.7 million, or more than 20% of the population at the time.
Miss You Much is a song by Janet Jackson, the first single from her fourth studio album, Rhythm Nation 1814. The song was written and produced by Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis.
This Kiss is a song by Canadian artist Carly Rae Jepsen released on September 10, 2012. The single was released on 604, Schoolboy and Interscope Records. 3rd single from the studio album Kiss, the song is written by Carly Rae Jepsen, Matthew Koma, Kelly Covell, Rob Danzen, RedFoo. This Kiss is produced by Matthew Koma.
Andhra Pradesh is a state in southern India.
Rule is a song by Nas taken from the Stillmatic album. This title, produced by Trackmasters, is the first single of the album. It features the singer Amerie. Hip-hop portal Hip-hop portal Music portal Music portal • Song section
Robert II Stuart, born March 2, 1316 in Paisley and died April 19, 1390 at Dundonald Castle, was King of Scotland from 1371 until his death. He is the nephew and successor of David II of Scotland.
The House of Wettin is a dynasty which currently reigns over Belgium and the United Kingdom, and which formerly reigned over Bulgaria, Portugal, Poland, the duchy then electorate then kingdom of Saxony, the Grand Duchy of Saxony- Weimar, the Duchy of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, the Duchy of Saxe-Meiningen, the Duchy of Saxe-Altenburg, the Indies, etc.
Dakishimeru is BoA's 18th single released on the Avex Trax label on November 9, 2005 in Japan. It reached 9th place in the Oricon ranking and remains ranked 11 weeks for a total of 58,436 copies sold. The song Dakishimeru can be found on the Outgrow album.
Lac-Boulé is an unorganized Canadian territory of Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Mékinac and the administrative region of Mauricie.
Stefan Kaufmann, born August 4, 1960 in Solingen in the Land of North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany, is a German drummer, guitarist, composer and producer. He is more particularly known as a drummer and composer within the group Accept in the 1980s and 90s. At the end of the 1980s, following back problems linked to his positioning on the drums, he left the group and left the group. turns to production.
Go with the Flow is a song by the Californian band Queens of the Stone Age, second single from their album Songs for the Deaf, released in 2002.
Soyuz-29 is a Soviet manned space mission launched in 1978 to the Salyut 6 space station. This was the fifth mission to Salyut 6, the fourth to attach to it successfully, and the crew is the second in duration in the orbital station. Commander Vladimir Kovalyonok and flight engineer Aleksandr Ivanchenkov set a new space endurance record of 139 days. They returned with the Soyuz 31 mission, and the cosmonauts present in Salyut 6 upon their arrival returned to Earth with Soyuz 29.
Salt Lake County is a county located in the state of Utah. It bears the English name of the Great Salt Lake. Headquarters and largest city: Salt Lake City.
Saint-Maurice is a Canadian parish municipality in Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Chenaux and the administrative region of Mauricie. Saint-Maurice is also part of the Trois-Rivières metropolitan region.
Charlie Christian was a jazz guitarist.
Anne de Schweidnitz was Empress Consort of the Holy Roman Empire, Queen Consort of Germany and Bohemia and Countess Consort of Luxembourg through her marriage to Charles IV of the Holy Roman Empire. She is the daughter of Henri II, Duke of Schweidnitz-Jauer, and Catherine of Hungary.
The Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan is the main body of the Pakistani Taliban. It was formed at the end of 2007 by bringing together some forty factions based in northwestern Pakistan.
Vucherens is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Broye-Vully. Cited from 1224, it was part of the district of Moudon between 1798 and 2007. Its population was 506 inhabitants in 2013.
Servion is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Lavaux-Oron.
Yuriy Yekhanourov, born August 23, 1948 in Yakutia, is a Ukrainian politician who was notably Prime Minister from September 22, 2005 to May 25, 2006 under the presidency of Viktor Yushchenko.
Southampton is a major port city of 220,000 inhabitants, located on the south coast of England, in Hampshire. It has the status of City and Unitary Authority. Like other English cities, Southampton was badly damaged during World War II: most of the city was destroyed by German Luftwaffe bombardments.
Hendrick Rudolf Chin A Sen is a Surinamese politician. He was 2nd President of the Republic of Suriname from August 15, 1980 to February 4, 1982.Politics portal Politics portal Suriname portal Suriname portal
The Maltese First League is Malta's second highest football division. The best teams in the championship are promoted each year to the Maltese Premier Division while the less performing ones are relegated to the Maltese third division.
Dato 'Seri Mohammad Najib bin Tun Abdul Razak, said, Najib Razak, born July 23, 1953, is a Malaysian politician. He is the current Prime Minister of Malaysia.
Eugène-Gabriel-Gervais-Laurent Tisserant, born March 24, 1884 in Nancy and died February 21, 1972 in Albano-Laziale, is a French orientalist and cardinal. Having lived under the pontificate of seven popes, he adopts a progressive attitude about unionism, the condemnation of the Sillon, the neothomist and modernist crisis.
MacDonald "Mac" Gargan, is a fictional character in the Marvel Universe. Known as the Scorpion, he's a Spider-Man supervillain foe. Created by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko, he first appeared in Amazing Spider-Man # 19, in December 1964, but only took on the identity of the Scorpion in issue 20, in January 1965.
Breaking the Habit is the sixth and final single from the album Meteora, by alternative rock band Linkin Park.
Selim II Mest or Sari was the 11th Ottoman Sultan, son and successor of Suleiman the Magnificent and his wife Roxelane. He reigned from 1566 to 1574.
Natal is a region of South Africa, so baptized on Christmas Day 1497 by Vasco da Gama when he walked along its coast at the end of the 15th century.
Windsor is a city in Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of Val-Saint-François in Estrie, and is crossed by route 143, route 249 and the Saint-François river.
Party In The USA is the first single from Miley Cyrus' second album, The Time of Our Lives.
The University of Belgrade is a university located in Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. The current rector is Professor Vladimir Bumbaširevi ć .
James Danforth Quayle III, better known as Dan Quayle, is an American politician, member of the Republican Party, born February 4, 1947 in Indianapolis. He was Indiana Senator in the United States Congress and the 44th Vice President of the United States from 1989 to 1993, under President George HW Bush. He was an unsuccessful candidate for the Republican nomination in the 2000 presidential election.
Bernissart is a French-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Walloon Region in the province of Hainaut, as well as a locality where its administrative headquarters are located.
Sorry for Party Rocking is a song performed by the American duo LMFAO. This is the fourth single released on January 9, 2012, from their 2011 album Sorry for Party Rocking. The song was written and produced by Stefan "Redfoo" Kendal Gordy.
Wolfmother is a rock band from Sydney, Australia. Their style is a mix of heavy metal and psychedelic rock. Rolling Stone magazine cited Wolfmother as one of their “Top 10 bands to see 2006”. Wolfmother also performs the title Pleased to Meet You on the soundtrack of the film. Spider-Man 3 and Joker & The Thief present on the soundtrack
Ron Underwood is an American director, screenwriter and producer born November 6, 1953 in Glendale, California.
Electronic Arts or EA is an American company created in 1982 and headquartered in Redwood City, California. EA is one of the world's leading developer and producer of video games. The company occupies the leading position in this market until 2008, in particular thanks to the buyouts of companies and gaming franchises, but also by acquiring the rights of sports licenses, such as those of FIFA, the NBA, the NFL, or even that of the NHL.
Wild Honey Pie is a Beatles song, written by Paul McCartney and released on the White Album in November 1968. It is actually a short improvisation recorded one night in the studio, and on which McCartney plays guitar, of the drums, and ensures several lines of vocals in harmony, chanting the words "honey pie".
The University of Newcastle upon Tyne is an English university located in the city of Newcastle upon Tyne. The university became independent in 1963 after its separation from Durham University.
Princess Catherine Vasa born November 10, 1584 at Nyköping Castle and died December 13, 1638 in Västerås was a Swedish princess creating a link between the Vasa dynasty and the Palatinate-Deux-Ponts dynasty because she allowed the Palatinate dynasty -Two-Bridges to succeed the Vasa dynasty on the Swedish-Finnish throne.
Poul Hartling born August 14, 1914 in Copenhagen died April 30, 2000 is a Danish clergyman and politician. He was Prime Minister of Denmark from December 1973 to February 1975.
Windows Store is an online store created by Microsoft. The Windows Store is available for Windows 8 and for Windows RT. In the near future, a merger between the Windows Store and the Windows Phone Store is planned in order to unify smartphones, tablets and PCs.
Fred Wallace Haise Junior said Fred Haise is an American astronaut born November 14, 1933.
Bratislav Petkovic ć is a playwright, director sc è does, a screenwriter and a Serbian politician. He is a member of the Serbian Progressive Party.
Sabah is one of two East Malaysian states located on the island of Borneo. It is the second Malaysian state by area, after its neighbor. It is located in the northeast of the island of Borneo. The main city and capital of the state is Kota Kinabalu. Sabah is known as the Leeward Land.
Quincy is a town in Massachusetts, extending north through Boston. It represents an important part of Greater Boston, allowing access to the Boston Metro. In 2010 the population was 92,271 people.
Catherine of Austria was a princess of the Habsburg dynasty, daughter of Ferdinand I, Emperor, and Anne Jagiello, Queen of Hungary. By birth, she was Archduchess of Austria, and Princess of Hungary and Bohemia, then she became, by her first marriage, Duchess of Mantua, and finally Queen Consort of Poland and Grand Duchess Consort of Lithuania, following her second wedding.
José Eduardo dos Santos, born in Sambizanga, Luanda, on August 28, 1942, is an Angolan politician.
The Berbers are a group of indigenous ethnic groups from North Africa. They occupied, at a certain time, a large territory which went from the west of the valley of the Nile to the Atlantic Ocean and the whole of the Sahara and founded there powerful kingdoms, made up of confederate tribes.
The Regional Municipality of York is an Ontario regional municipality. In the 2006 census, there was a population of 892,712 inhabitants.
Béatrice Ire de Bourgogne d'Ivrée or Béatrix de Bourgogne-Ivrea was countess of Burgundy then empress consort of the Holy Empire and queen consort of Germania by marriage in 1156 to Frédéric Barberousse.
Burn is a single from the group Nine Inch Nails taken from the soundtrack of the film Born Killers. Rock portal Rock portal Metal portal Metal portal Music portal Music portal • Song section Cinema portal Cinema portal es: Burn # Music
Charles Spencer Chaplin, known as Charlie Chaplin, is a British actor, director and screenwriter who became an icon of silent cinema thanks to his character of Charlot.
Morrens is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Gros-de-Vaud. Cited in 1147, the town was part of the district of Cossonay between 1798 and 2007. It was populated by 969 inhabitants in 2013.
Eusko Alkartasuna is a nationalist and federalist Basque political party, it wants to be present in all Euskal Herria, that is to say both the three Basque-Spanish provinces of Guipuscoa, Biscay and Alava, the foral community of Navarre, than the French Basque Country. In September 2011, he allied himself with the Aralar party within the Amaiur coalition.
Rock and Roll Ain't Noise Pollution is a track by Australian hard rock band AC / DC from the 1980 album Back in Black This song was written in response to the New Zealand government comparing the music of AC / DC to "noise pollution". The group responds by means of this song by affirming: "Rock'n roll is not noise pollution".
Resonant Blue is the 36th single from J-Pop's girl group Morning Musume, released on April 16, 2008 in Japan on the zetima label.
The State of Rio de Janeiro is one of the Federated States of Brazil, located to the east of the Southeast region. Its capital is Rio de Janeiro. It covers an area of ​​43,900 km2 and has approximately 15,993,583 inhabitants. regroup on the coast.
Laverlochère is a former municipality of Quebec located in the MRC of Témiscamingue in Abitibi-Témiscamingue. It was merged with Angliers on January 1, 2018 in Laverlochère-Angliers.
Murgenthal is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Zofingue.
The community of agglomeration of Choletais is a French inter-municipal structure located in the department of Maine-et-Loire and the Pays de la Loire region. It is located in the south of the department, around the town of Cholet.
Supermassive Black Hole is the 18th single from the group Muse and the first single from Black Holes & Revelations, their 4th album. This is the third track on the album. It was recorded in 2005 in France with the rest of the album, was first broadcast on French airwaves in May 2006 and hit stores on June 19, 2006.
Lua Lokotui, born December 31, 1979, is a rugby union player, playing in the second row. Coming from the province of Hawke's Bay, he enlisted in January 2008 as a medical joker under the colors of the Stade Français CASG, following Denys Drozdz's health problems.
Right Round is a song by American rapper Flo Rida from his second studio album ROOTS. The track was released on radio as the album's lead single on January 27, 2009 and digitally released on February 10, 2009 under Poe Boy Entertainment and Atlantic Records.
Khalid Naciri is a Moroccan politician and lawyer, born March 5, 1946 in Casablanca. He was Minister of Communication, spokesperson for the Moroccan government between 2007 and 2012. He holds a law degree in 1969 at the Faculty of Law of Casablanca, then in 1970 a graduate degree in political science. at the Faculty of Law of Rabat.In 1983, he defended a doctoral thesis in public law at the University of Paris II, where he obtained the highest grade.
Bertrand Arthur William Russell, 3rd Earl Russell, born May 18, 1872 in Trellech, and died February 2, 1970 near Penrhyndeudraeth, was a British mathematician, logician, philosopher, epistemologist, politician and moralist.Russell is considered one of the most important philosophers of the 20th century.
Küttigen is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Aarau.
Spezia Calcio 1906 is an Italian football club founded in 1906. It is based in La Spezia in the province of La Spezia. He played in Serie B for the 2013-2014 season.After being Serie C1 champion in 2006, Spezia Calcio 1906 played in the Serie B pros, before being declared bankrupt and taken over in 2008 by a team of 'amateurs.
Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon was a member of the British Royal Family, younger sister of the current Queen Elizabeth II.
Magic Bus is a song of the Who. This single largely contributed to the popularity of the group. Very played in concert, this title appears in the compilation Magic Bus: The Who on Tour.
You Know My Name is a song by Chris Cornell, taken from the soundtrack of the movie Casino Royale. Cornell wrote it in collaboration with David Arnold, the composer of the soundtrack. The producers of the film chose Cornell because they wanted the song to be performed by a man. He is also the first male singer since the group A-ha and the song The Living Daylights released for the movie Killing is not playing with Timothy Dalton.
Ventura is a city of California, located in the eponymous county where it is the seat. In the 2010 census, its population was 106,433.
Sonia Lagarde, born Boyer on August 29, 1948 in Nouméa, is a French, New Caledonian anti-independence politician who has been a figure in several different right-wing parties to the Rassemblement pour la Calédonie dans la République: Une Nouvelle- Calédonie pour tous from 1995 to 1999, the Alliance from 1999 to 2004, l'Avenir ensemble from 2004 to 2008 and Calédonie together since 2008.
Expedition 30 is the 30th permanent crew rotation of the International Space Station. This expedition officially begins on November 21, 2011. The first members of the crew, Dan Burbank, Anton Shkaplerov and Anatoly Ivanichin, arrived at the International Space Station in November 2011 with Soyuz TMA-22 during the last phase of the expedition 29 .
Schwerin is a city-district of Germany, capital of the Land of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania. With 95,300 inhabitants, it is behind Rostock the second largest city in the region.
One Year of Love is a song written by John Deacon for the movie Highlander for which Queen signed the soundtrack. The song was released as a single only in France and Spain, and no other country. She appears on the album A Kind of Magic, released in 1986.
The 2007 edition of Vengeance, better known as Vengeance: Night of Champions, is a professional wrestling event televised and viewable only on pay-per-view basis. The event, produced by World Wrestling Entertainment, took place on June 24, 2007 at the Toyota Center, Houston, United States. This is the seventh and final edition of Vengeance, but also the first edition of Night of Champions.
Shit on You or S *** on You in censored version is a song by the American rap group D12, taken from the album Devil's Night released in 2001. Produced by Eminem and DJ Head, it is the first single from Devil's Night . The song is distributed by Interscope Records and Shady Records, a label founded by Eminem and Paul Rosenberg. The song was a great success, notably ranking fourth in Canada and tenth in the United Kingdom.
The Russian Peoples' Friendship University is a state higher education institution of Russia, it has the status of a federal university.
Douglas Harry Wheelock is an American astronaut
The Long and Winding Road is a Beatles song, composed by Paul McCartney, although by Lennon / McCartney. Originally released on the Let It Be album, it was the group's last American single, No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 for two weeks in June 1970.
Untersiggenthal is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Baden.
Comme j'ai mal is the twenty third single from Mylène Farmer released on August 5, 1996. It is also the fourth single from her fourth studio album Anamorphosée.
Orion is a constellation located almost on the celestial equator.
Stetten is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Baden.
Henri III of Brabant, known as the Debonnaire, born around 1231, died in Louvain on February 28, 1261, was Duke of Brabant from 1248 to 1261. He was the son of Henri II, Duke of Brabant, and of Marie de SouabeMarie de Souabe. As a finder, he produced four songs in the French language He made his debut alongside his relative William of Holland, elected King of the Romans, at the conquest of the Holy Empire and attended his coronation on November 1, 1248 in Aix. -la-Chapelle.
Edward Espenett "Ed" Case is an American politician, member of the Democratic Party. From 2002 to 2007, he represented the State of Hawaii in the United States House of Representatives.
Tilston is a community of Manitoba located in the southwest of the province and landlocked in the Rural Municipality of Albert. Tilston is located at the intersection of Highway 256 and Highway 345 approximately 144 km southwest of Brandon and 68 km southwest of the town of Hartney. 3 miles to the west is the border with Saskatchewan and 25 miles to the south is the border with North Dakota.
Yitzhak Navon was an Israeli statesman, diplomat and writer, the fifth President of the State of Israel from April 19, 1978 to May 5, 1983. He came from a Moroccan Sephardic family who had lived in Jerusalem for three centuries, among others descend from the Kabbalist rabbi Haim Ben Attar.
The National Broadcasting Company is an American audiovisual group, which was built around the terrestrial network NBC Television.
The United States Pacific Command is the supreme authority for the various United States army corps operating in its area of ​​activity. It is one of ten Unified Combatant Commanders under the United States Department of Defense.
William Read Miller, born November 23, 1823 in Batesville and died November 29, 1887 in Little Rock, is an American Democratic politician. He was Governor of Arkansas between 1877 and 1881.
Birrwil is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Kulm.
Chartierville is a Quebec municipality located in the regional county municipality of Haut-Saint-François in Estrie.
Beaulac-Garthby is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC des Appalaches in Chaudière-Appalaches. The village borders part of Lake Aylmer, which is its main tourist attraction. Its inhabitants are the Beaugarthois.
Elche Club de Fútbol is a Spanish football club based in Elche. He plays in the first division of the Spanish championship.
Michael Crichton, born October 23, 1942 in Chicago and died November 4, 2008 in Los Angeles, is an American science fiction writer, screenwriter and film producer. Author of many successful novels and short stories such as Jurassic Park, Sphere or State of Emergency, he is often considered to be one of the pioneers of the Techno-thriller. During his career he used the pseudonyms Jeffery Hudson and John Lange.
PolyGram Filmed Entertainment, was a Philips-owned film production and distribution company founded in 1979 to provide a European alternative to Hollywood studios, but which was eventually sold and integrated into Universal Pictures in 1999. which was headquartered in London, had also created semi-autonomous labels, such as Working Title Films, Propaganda Films and Interscope Communications to produce films, as well as the Gramercy Pictures label to distribute them.
Tuila'epa Lupesoliai Neioti Aiono Sa'ilele Malielegaoi, born April 14, 1945 in Lepa, is a Samoan economist and politician.
Centostazioni SpA is a company of the FS Italian Railways group created to rehabilitate, upgrade and manage 103 Italian railway stations of the RFI SpA network.
Saint-Cergue is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Nyon.
Sursee is a municipality in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland, located in the electoral district of Sursee.
Speedrive is the 3rd misono single released under the Avex Trax label on July 12, 2006 in Japan. It reached 21st place in the Oricon ranking, it remained classified for 6 weeks, for a total of 16,145 copies sold. It is released in CD and CD + DVD format. Speedrive was used as the musical theme for the film Lovely Complex. Speedrive and Ari to Girigirsu ~ 10 Years Later ~ can be found on the never + land album. The theme of this single is Le Vilain Petit Canard.
Livin 'on a Prayer is a track from Bon Jovi's Slippery When Wet album. Cornerstone of the long success of the Bon Jovi group, and a true signature of the group, Livin 'on a Prayer is now considered a classic of Anglo-Saxon variety music. The title is used in the games Rock Band 2 and Guitar Hero World Tour.
Socialist Republic was proclaimed onMarch 10, 1919 as an autonomous government.
The Japan Rugby Union Championship, called Top League, is the championship open to the best Japanese rugby union clubs. The defending champion is Panasonic Wild Knights.
Heilig is the twelfth single from the German band Tokio Hotel taken from their second album Zimmer 483. The single is the 4th on the album, it was released on April 28, 2008 in France. There was no music video for this single. It was translated into English for Tokio Hotel's English debut album, Scream, under the name Sacred.
Radmila Hrustanovi ć , in Serbian Cyrillic Радмила Хрустанови ћ is a Serbian politician. She e t ed mayor of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.
Manseau is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC de Bécancour in Center-du-Québec. "The new municipality of Manseau was created on December 31, 1997.
The Happiest Days of Our Lives is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. It was written by Roger Waters and appears on the album The Wall, released in 1979. The song tackles issues of abuse of power in the education system, despite its ironic title.
Namur is a Canadian municipality in Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Papineau and in the administrative region of the Outaouais. Nicknamed "New Belgium", this municipality of the Outaouais was founded in the mid-19th century by a few Belgian families. originally from the province of Namur. Today, the municipality lives mainly on logging and organizes, every year during the summer, a lumberjack festival.
Mortsel is a Dutch-speaking city in Belgium located in the Flemish region, in the province of Antwerp.
Nelson Goodman, is an American philosopher, logician and art collector. Disciple of CI Lewis and Carnap, friend of Quine, he belongs to analytical philosophy and endorses the nominalist credo of never hypostatizing classes and groups. He is known for his reflection on the problem of induction through which he developed, in the tradition of cognitive logic, a paradox that has remained famous.
Adam Clayton, born March 13, 1960 in Chinnor, Oxfordshire, is bassist for Irish band U2. He has kept his British nationality although he has lived in Dublin since the age of five. Often described as being the "smartest" of the group by Bono, Adam Clayton is best known for his bass playing in songs like New Year's Day, One, With or Without You or Until the End of the World.
Dolly Rebecca Parton is an American country and pop singer, singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, actress, writer, screenwriter and producer born January 19, 1946 in Sevierville, Tennessee, United States.
Pierre Marie René Ernest Waldeck-Rousseau, born in Nantes on December 2, 1846 and died in Corbeil-Essonnes on August 10, 1904, is a French liberal statesman. He is famous for having participated in the legalization of unions as well as the 1901 law on associations. In June 1899, he was called by President émile Loubet to form a government while the Dreyfus Affair was in full swing.
Essertines-sur-Yverdon is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Gros-de-Vaud. Cited in 1180, it was part of the district of échallens between 1803 and 2007. The town was populated by 894 inhabitants in 2013.
The French Academy, founded in 1634, and formalized on January 29, 1635, under the reign of Louis XIII by Cardinal Richelieu, is a French institution whose function is to standardize and improve the French language. It is made up of forty members elected by their peers.
Gwen Renée Stefani, better known by her stage name Gwen Stefani, is an American singer, songwriter, and designer born October 3, 1969 in Fullerton, California, United States.
The FIA ​​Formula 3 European Championship is a Formula 3 car racing championship organized by the FIA. It served as the antechamber of Formula 2 at a time when international Formula 3 championships were rather rare, the discipline preferring to develop into national championships.
Alfonso X the Wise or the Savant, King of Castile and León and King of the Romans.
Lier Station is located at the village of Lier, Norway on the railway Drammen Line. The station is served by commuter trains 440 and 450 with half hour headway by Norges Statsbaner.
Barcelona in common, initially Gagnons Barcelona, ​​is a Spanish political party of the radical left and environmentalist, formed for the municipal elections of 2015 in Barcelona, ​​which it won. After four years of joint government with other leftist formations, the party is running for the 2019 municipal elections, after which it comes second and loses a seat.
Sault-au-Cochon is an unorganized territory forming part of the regional county municipality of La Côte-de-Beaupré in Quebec, itself included in the administrative region of the Capitale-Nationale. The name derives from the presence porpoises or beluga whales that were once called sea pigs.
"When Your Heart Stops Beating" is a song by American rock band +44, released on November 14, 2006 as the second single from the group's debut studio album, When Your Heart Stops Beating. The song was the only single from the album to chart, peaking at number 14 on Billboard's Modern Rock Tracks chart.
Saint-Roch-de-Richelieu is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC Pierre-De Saurel in Montérégie.
Evans Paul, born November 26, 1955 in Port-au-Prince, is a former Haitian journalist and politician. He was appointed Prime Minister by President Michel Martelly on December 25, 2014.
La La La is a musical single by Naughty Boy in collaboration with singer Sam Smith. It is taken from his first studio album Hotel Cabana released in 2013.
Jessica Drew, aka Spider-Woman, is a Marvel comics superheroine created by Archie Goodwin, Jim Mooney, and Sal Buscema in 1977 in Marvel Spotlight v1, # 32. She remains the best-known incarnation of Spider-Woman.
Tenneville is a French-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Walloon Region in the province of Luxembourg, as well as a locality where its administration is located.
Bidya Devi Bhandari, born June 19, 1961 in Bhojpur, is a Nepalese stateswoman, President of the Republic since October 29, 2015.
Sainte-Félicité is a municipality in the province of Quebec, Canada, located in the regional county municipality of La Matanie, in Bas-Saint-Laurent.
Alexander Mair, born August 25, 1889 in Melbourne and died August 3, 1969 in the same city, was an Australian politician premier of New South Wales from August 5, 1939 to May 16, 1941.
Mougheul is a town in the wilaya of Bechar in Algeria.
José Vicente de Freitas GCTE was a Portuguese military and politician. De Freitas was born in Calheta, Madeira. He fought in Flanders during the Portuguese participation in the First World War, and received the Grand Cross of the Order of the Tower and the Sword, the highest decoration of Portugal. He was colonel during the Coup State of 1926.
Cearbhall ó Dálaigh, Irish politician, was the fifth President of Ireland from 19 December 1974 to 22 October 1976. He studied Celtic at University College Dublin and law at King's Inn. He is Attorney General from 1946 to 1958, then judge of the Supreme Court.
Cynthia Ann Stephanie Lauper, known as Cyndi Lauper, is an American singer born June 22, 1953 in the district of Queens, New York. She is one of the iconic singers of the 1980s, notably with her songs Girls Just Want to Have Fun, Time After Time, She Bop or True Colors. In 2011, she sold over 50 million albums worldwide, and 1 million DVDs and 20 million singles.
Michael Joseph Jackson, born in Indiana, USA, is an American pop singer
Live Forever was the 3rd song from British band Oasis' 1st album, Definitely Maybe, released in 1994, and was also the 3rd single from the album. Noel Gallagher wrote the song in 1991 before joining Oasis and was inspired by one of the Rolling Stones songs Shine a light from the album Exile on Main Street.Live Forever contains a basic structure and quite upbeat lyrics that contrasted with the grunge attitude around this same time.
"St. Anger" is the first single from Metallica's 8th studio album of the same name. She won Best Metal Performance at the 46th Grammy Awards and was also nominated for Best Video Rock at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards. Metal Portal Metal Portal Music Portal Music Portal • Song section
Jean-Paul Huchon, born July 29, 1946 in the 1st arrondissement of Paris, is a senior French civil servant and politician, president of the Île-de-France regional council since 1998 and director of the Public Investment Bank.
Ptolemy V Epiphanius Eucharistos is a pharaoh of the Ptolemy period is the son of Ptolemy IV and Queen Arsinoe III. He was born at the end of the year 12 or the beginning of the year 13 of his father, around -210. After the death of his father in July / August -204 he was proclaimed king on September 8, -204, when he was only 5/6 years old and his mother had to take charge of the regency.
Libin is a French-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Walloon Region in the province of Luxembourg, as well as a locality where its administration is located.
Front_de_l'Est_, or Great Patriotic War, Soviet name, designates, in the context of the Second World War, the theater of operations between Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union from June 1941 to May 1945.
Mama's Pearl is the Jackson 5's second single from their Third Album. This song was written and produced by Berry Gordy, Alphonzo Mizell, Deke Richards and Freddie Perren. It was released on 45 rpm on January 7, 1971.
The Democratic Unionist Party is a British political party that runs in Northern Ireland to defend the interests of the Protestant community. It is the most important of the major Unionist parties in Northern Ireland. It is founded by Ian Paisley and is currently managed by Peter Robinson. It is the first party in the Northern Irish Assembly and the fourth party in the UK House of Commons.
Nikita Alexandrovich, born January 16, 1900 in Saint Petersburg and died September 12, 1974 in Cannes, member of the House of Holstein-Gottorp-Romanov, was Prince of Russia.
Beautiful is the second single from American singer Christina Aguilera's album Stripped. It's a ballad written and produced by Linda Perry that evokes difference and self-acceptance. In 2004, she won the Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance. In 2008, Christina recorded a new version: You Are What You Are which is available on her Best-Of Keeps Gettin 'Better: A Decade of Hits.
Edzard Schmidt-Jortzig, born October 8, 1941 in Berlin, is a German lawyer, scholar and politician, member of the Liberal Democratic Party, Chairman of the German Ethics Council and former Federal Minister of Justice of Germany.
Revolution 909 is an instrumental track by French electronic music group Daft Punk released in January 1997. It is the 5th and last single from their debut album Homework, released in 1997.The title of the song alludes to the drum machine TR-909 that the group uses for their compositions.
Telde is a municipality in the province of Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, in the Canary Islands. It is located in the east of the island of Gran Canaria.
Manaus is the capital of the state of Amazonas, in northwestern Brazil. It is also the largest city in the Amazon. The city was founded in 1669 by the Portuguese, on the banks of the Rio Negro and near its confluence with the Amazon. It had 1,982,179 inhabitants in the 2013 census and 2,316,173 in the Metropolitan Region. Manaus with its industrial park is the most important metropolis in the Northwest of Brazil.
Also called Degerö in Swedish, Laajasalo is an island in the Gulf of Finland located in the Helsinki archipelago and constituting with neighboring islands the district of Helsinki also called Laajasalo. Its population of 16,000 makes it the third most populous island in this Nordic country behind Fasta Åland and Lauttasaari but ahead of Soisalo and Kotkansaari.
Augusta is a city located in the state of Georgia, United States. Its population was 195,182 at the 2000 census. In 1996, the governments of the city and county of Richmond decided to combine to form the county of Augusta-Richmond, identified since by the simple name of the city. Augusta is located on the Georgia-South Carolina border and is the state's second largest city. Its official nickname is "Garden City".
Firefly is a 14-episode American space western television series created by writer and director Joss Whedon with his production company Mutant Enemy. Whedon was executive producer with Tim Minear. The action takes place in the twenty-sixth century, 2517, after humans have settled into a new star system, and follows the adventures of the renegade crew of the Serenity, a Firefly class. The story portrays the nine characters living on the Serenity.
The FC Twente women's team is a Dutch women's football team created in 2007, FC Twente play in the BeNe League, where they won the 2012-2013 and 2013-2014 editions. The club made their first European Cup appearance in the 2011-2012 Champions League.
Foolin 'is a song by Def Leppard released on their third album Pyromania on January 20, 1983. Foolin' was released as a single in August 1983. Rock portal Rock portal Music portal Music portal • Song section
Manfred Mann is a British rock band formed in 1962 in London named after Manfred Mann, keyboardist and founder of the group.
Willy and the Poor Boys was Creedence Clearwater Revival's fourth album, released in 1969. It was produced by John Fogerty. This album was ranked 392nd on Rolling Stone magazine's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time list. The title Fortunate Son is used in the films: Forrest Gump and Die Hard 4: Return to Hell. The song is also found on the soundtrack of the video game Battlefield Vietnam.
Jar of Flies is the third EP by American rock band Alice in Chains, released January 25, 1994 on Columbia Records. It is the first EP in musical history to reach No. 1 on the Billboard with sales exceeding 141,000 copies in the United States and it is well received by critics.
Pío Cabanillas Gallas, born November 13, 1923 in Pontevedra and died October 10, 1991 in Madrid, is a Spanish politician. Minister of Information at the end of Francoism, he then held several ministerial posts under the leadership of Adolfo Suárez and Leopoldo Calvo-Sotelo during the democratic transition.
The Football Club de Sète 34 is a French football club based in Sète and founded in 1900 under the name Olympique de Cette. many years, winning no less than seven Languedoc championship titles between 1907 and 1914.
Flavius ​​Honorius was made co-emperor by his father Theodosius I in the western part of the Roman Empire from 393. Then, by effective division on the death of Theodosius, he was Roman Emperor of the West from 395 to his death in 423. His older brother, Flavius ​​Arcadius, ruled the Eastern Roman Empire.
Agent Provocateur, released on December 7, 1984, is the fifth album by the Rock band Foreigner.
The province of Västerbotten is a historic province in northern Sweden, it is also a small administrative region including part of Swedish Lapland.
Nathan Rees is an Australian politician who served as the 41st Prime Minister, and Minister of Culture for New South Wales from September 5, 2008 to December 4, 2009, member of that state's Legislative Assembly since 2007 for the electoral district from Toongabbie in the western suburbs of Sydney. He is the parliamentary and federation leader of the Australian Labor Party in New South Wales.
Miami University is a public university located in the city of Oxford, Ohio. Founded in 1809, it is one of the oldest universities in Ohio. In the 2000s, it welcomed more than 20,000 students with a campus of 8 km2
Dollard-Des Ormeaux is a city in the metropolitan area of ​​Montreal, Quebec, Canada. The city has a population of 49,940 inhabitants. It is named in honor of Adam Dollard des Ormeaux, a hero of New France.
Avengers: Age of Ultron is an American superhero film written and directed by Joss Whedon, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Distribution, based on the superhero team taken from the Marvel comics, The Avengers, slated for release in 2015.
Juan Domingo Perón is an Argentinian soldier and politician who was president of the Argentine nation from June 4, 1946 to September 21, 1955 and from October 12, 1973 until his death on July 1, 1974, when he was succeeded by his third wife Isabel Martínez. by Perón.
Chicago / ʃ i.ka.ɡo / Listen is the third largest city in the United States by population and is located in the northeastern state of Illinois. It is the largest city in the Midwest region, of which it forms the main economic and cultural center. Chicago sits on the southwest shore of Lake Michigan, one of North America's five Great Lakes. The Chicago and Calumet rivers flow through the city.
North Sumatra, in Indonesian Sumatera Utara, is a province of Indonesia. It has an area of ​​71,680 km2 and a population of 11.48 million. Its capital is Medan.
STS-32 was the ninth mission of the space shuttle Columbia.
Kilkenny is a town of 8,594 inhabitants in the Republic of Ireland on the River Nore, 150 km south-west of Dublin in the province of Leinster. Kilkenny is the capital of the county of the same name. It is characterized by its historical monuments which give it a medieval aspect, although they are subsequent to the Middle Ages.
Bully is the fourteenth single from the group Shinedown and the lead single from the Amaryllis album released in 2012.
Cambridge / 'ke ɪ m.br ɪ d ʒ / is a city in England, United Kingdom, located 80 km north of London. It is known for its world famous university, the second oldest in England after Oxford. It is also the administrative center of the county of Cambridgeshire.
Apollo-Soyuz was in 1975 the first joint space mission between the Soviet Union and the United States after they clashed during the Cold War in the race for the moon.
Dale Allan Gardner is an American astronaut born November 8, 1948, and died February 19, 2014.
Yayaya is the 2nd Japanese single from the band T-ara, released on November 30, 2011 in Japan. It is released in 3 different formats, CD, CD + DVD Type A and CD + DVD Type B. It comes 7th at the Oricon. It sold 31,801 copies in the first week and remains classified 15 weeks for a total of 45,190 copies sold. Yayaya can be found on the Jewelry Box album.
The Cup is a small constellation in the southern hemisphere.
Val-des-Lacs is a municipality of Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Laurentides, in the administrative region of Laurentides.
Saint-Lazare-de-Bellechasse is a municipality founded in 1849 in the regional county municipality of Bellechasse in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches. The village has some 1,200 inhabitants. It is named in honor of the disciple Lazarus.
Vachon is a provincial electoral district of Quebec. It is located in the administrative region of Montérégie and its MP is Martine Ouellet, from the Parti Québécois, elected in the by-election of July 5, 2010.
Henri Maurice de Battenberg, Prince of Battenberg, was born on October 5, 1858 in Milan, in the Lombardy-Venetian kingdom, and died on January 20, 1896 on the HMS Blonde, near the coast of Sierra Leone. Coming from a morganatic branch of the House of Hesse, he is a German-English soldier. He was also Governor of the Isle of Wight from 1889 to 1896
Duparquet is a town located in the MRC of Abitibi-Ouest in Abitibi-Témiscamingue, Quebec.
Alex Yermolinsky is an American grand master of the game of chess. In 1993, Yermolinksy won the United States Championship, tied with Alexander Shabalov. It is the only champion in 1996. In 2001, he won the continental championship américain.Yermonlinsky married women's international master Kamil ì Baginskait ì he met é e at the Olympiad of e Chess 1996 in Yerevan.
Jean-Pierre Maurice Georges Beltoise, born April 26, 1937 in Boulogne-Billancourt and died January 5, 2015 in Dakar, Senegal, is a French Formula 1 racing driver and is the symbol of the renewal of French motorsport with 86 Grands Prix Formula 1 races and two victories: one in the world championship at the Monaco Grand Prix with British Racing Motors in 1972 and a non-championship victory at the World Championship Victory Race in the same year.
Steven Tyler is the singer of the American hard rock band Aerosmith. He also plays the piano and the harmonica within this group. He is known for his energy, his outfits worn on stage and especially his voice, hence his nickname: "The Demon Of Screaming". He was ranked 3rd in the Hit parader's top 100 metal vocalists of all time.
Money is a song by Pink Floyd, released on the album The Dark Side of the Moon. Sixth track on the disc, it is the only song on the album to reach the top 20 in the US charts. On the original vinyl record, she opens the second side of the album.
Otago is a region of New Zealand located in the south-eastern part of the South Island. Covering approximately 32,000 km2, it is the second largest in the country by area. It has 193,800 inhabitants. Its name is an Anglicization of the Māori name, ō t à kou.
Joan of Portugal, born in 1438, died in 1475. She became queen of Castile by marriage.
Liviu Dragnea, born October 28, 1962 in Gratia, is a Romanian politician.
Arcadia is a region of Greece located in the center of the Peloponnese peninsula. Its relief is very mountainous, especially in the north and it is bathed in the east by the Aegean Sea. Taking its name from the mythological character Arcas, it is also a regional district on the outskirts of the Peloponnese, whose capital is Tripoli.
Destination X 2010 was a Total Nonstop Action Wrestling pay per view wrestling event that took place on March 21, 2010 in Orlando.
The Left Group in the European Parliament is a political group in the European Parliament.
Apollo 11 is a mission of the American Apollo space program during which, for the first time, men landed on the Moon, July 20, 1969. Apollo 11 is the third manned mission to approach the Moon, after Apollo 8 and Apollo 10, and the fifth manned mission of the Apollo program. With this feat, the US space agency, NASA, fulfills the goal set by President John F.
Martin Luther, born November 10, 1483 in Eisleben, in the electorate of Saxony and died February 18, 1546 in the same city, is a brother Augustin theologian, university professor, father of Protestantism, and reformer of the Church whose ideas exerted a great influence on the Protestant Reformation, which changed the course of Western civilization. He challenged papal authority by holding the Bible as the only legitimate source of Christian authority.
The 2013 edition of SummerSlam is a televised professional wrestling event that can be viewed only as a pay-per-view and free of charge on the French television channel AB1. The event, produced by WWE, took place on August 18, 2013 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California for the fifth consecutive year. The show is WWE's seventh pay-per-view of 2013.
Assesse is a French-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Walloon Region in the province of Namur, as well as a locality where its administration is located.
Video Games is a song by American singer Lana Del Rey released on October 10, 2011. The song was written by singer and Justin Parker, and produced by Justin Parker, RoboPop. It was voted song of the year 2011 by the English magazine NME.
The Climb is the 1st single from Miley Cyrus in 2009, on the album Hannah Montana, the movie. It was also adapted in the singer's second album The Time of Our Lives. The climb is Miley Cyrus' most critically acclaimed song. The song was nominated for the 2009 Grammy Awards in the Best song from a movie category. But as specified in the rules of this category, only songs written as part of one and the same film can compete.
The province of Castelló is one of the three provinces of the Valencian Community, in eastern Spain. Its capital is the city of Castelló de la Plana.
Margaret of Austria was queen consort of Germany through her marriage to Henry II of Swabia and then queen consort of Bohemia through her marriage to Ottokar II of Bohemia. She is the daughter of Leopold VI of Austria, Duke of Austria and Styria, and Theodora Ange.
Volgograd Pronunciation, formerly called Tsaritsyn Pronunciation then Stalingrad Pronunciation, is a city in Russia and the administrative capital of the Volgograd oblast. It is located on the west bank of the Volga River. During World War II, the city was the scene of the Battle of Stalingrad, one of the deadliest in history, during which it was virtually wiped out.
Saint-Denis-De La Bouteillerie is a municipality in the Canadian province of Quebec, located in the Kamouraska Regional County Municipality. Prior to November 16, 2013, it was known simply as Saint-Denis and was a parish municipality. The name change was a revival of an old name used from 1845 to 1855.
Robert John Walker is an American politician. A member of the Democratic Party, he represented Mississippi in the United States Senate from 1835 to 1845 then served as the 18th Secretary of the United States Treasury from March 1845 to March 1849 before being briefly governor of the Kansas Territory in 1857.
Lac-du-Cerf is a municipality that is part of the regional county municipality of Antoine-Labelle in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Laurentides.
Schiers, known in Romansh Aschera, is a municipality in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland, located in the district of Prättigau / Davos and the valley of Prättigau.
La Basse-Cerdanya is a comarca in Catalonia, Spain.
Brébeuf is a parish municipality in Quebec located in the regional county municipality of the Laurentians, in the administrative region of the Laurentians. It is named in honor of Jean de Brébeuf, one of the Canadian martyrs, and its inhabitants are the Brégeois. It is a small village located in the Mont-Tremblant region.
I Want to Break Free is the second single from Queen's The Works album, released in April 1984.
Marooned is an instrumental by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. She appeared on The Division Bell album in 1994 and, in a shortened version, on the compilation album Echoes: The Best of Pink Floyd in 2001.
Avenir is a musical single from the French singer Louane. This song is taken from the album Chambre 12.
My Revolution is a song by Jenifer from her second studio album, Le Passage. This track dedicated to his son was released as the album's first single on June 2, 2004. The music video was shot in Paris in April 2004. The single was released on June 2, 2004. There are 22 weeks remaining in the top 100. And will instead be 44 of 2004 single sales and 190,000 copies sold.
The Ministry of the Presidency of Spain is the ministerial department responsible for institutional relations and interministerial coordination in Spain. The current Minister of the Presidency is, since December 22, 2011, the curator Soraya Sáenz de Santamaría. is located in the complex surrounding the Moncloa Palace, in Madrid.
Eva Birgitta Ohlsson Klamberg or Birgitta Ohlsson is a Swedish politician and member of the Folkpartiet and the Reinfeldt I government as Minister for European Affairs, from February 2, 2010 to October 3, 2014.
The Georgia Football Championship is an annual football competition contested between Georgian clubs. This competition was created in 1927, it has existed in this form since the country's independence in 1990.
L'Orne is a French department in the Lower Normandy region, named after the river which rises there and then crosses it. INSEE and La Poste give it the code 61.
Blow is the second single from American singer Kesha's first Extended Play Cannibal. The song will be released on February 8, 2011. It is written by Kesha, Klas Åhlund, Lukasz Gottwald, Alan Grigg, Benjamin Levin and Max Martin, and performed by Dr. Luke, Max Martin, Benny Blanco and Kool Kojak.
Cvijetin Mijatovi ć , best known by his nickname Majo, is a Yugoslav politician. Communist of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, he was president of the collective of the presidency of Yugoslavia.
Don't Bother Me is the first song written by George Harrison to appear on a Beatles album. It appeared for the first time on the album With The Beatles in the United Kingdom which was released in 1963 and then on their album Meet the Beatles! released in the United States in 1964, George Harrison said he wrote it to see if he could. She treats a lot of his songs with personal feelings, and he says he doesn't want to be bored at a time when fans keep harassing The Beatles.
Denis of Portugal, nicknamed the Farmer or the King Troubadour or the Father of the Fatherland or the Liberal, was born in Lisbon on October 9, 1261 and died in Santarém on January 7, 1325. He was the second son of King Alfonso III and his married the Infanta Beatrice of Castile and became the sixth king of Portugal in 1279 in place of his elder Robert who had been declared bastard of Mahaut de Dammartin.
The Quad City Mallards are a professional North American ice hockey franchise that operated from 1997 to 2007 in the United Hockey League. She was reborn in 2009 and then joined the LIH. The team is based in Moline, Illinois.
Papendrecht is a Dutch municipality and a Dutch town of 31,601 inhabitants in the province of South Holland. Papendrecht is part of the Randstad conurbation. The districts of Papendrecht are:
I Think I'm In Love With You is the third single by American singer Jessica Simpson, from the debut album Sweet Kisses, released on May 18, 2000. The title is written by Cory Rooney, Dan Shea, John Mellencamp and composed by Cory Rooney, Dan Shea. This title being a success, is then included in the second disc of the soundtrack of the television series Dawson.
Beauce-Sartigan is a regional county municipality in Quebec, located in the Chaudière-Appalaches region. Its capital is Saint-Georges.
Blonay is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the Riviera-Pays-d'Enhaut district.
Safenwil is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Aargau, located in the district of Zofingue.
Emergency_Season_6 is television series
We're Not Gonna Take It is a song by British band the Twisted Sister, released in 1994.
Joan Clos i Matheu is a Spanish politician, born June 29, 1949 in Parets del Vallès, member of the Catalan Socialist Party.
Mark Stuart is an American professional ice hockey player.
Charles-Louis of Austria, Archduke of Austria, Duke of Teschen, Grand Master of the Teutonic Order, son of Leopold II, Emperor of the Holy Empire and of his wife Marie-Louise de Bourbon, Infanta of Spain. He is also the brother of Francis I, Emperor of Austria. Although epileptic, Charles-Louis was well respected as a commander and reformer of the Austrian army.
Pirkkola is a section of the Oulunkylä district and is part of the Maunula district in Helsinki, Finland
Springfield is a city in the state of Massachusetts, in the northeastern United States. It is the county seat of Hampden. It is the largest city located on the east bank of the Connecticut River. Its urban area has 698,982 inhabitants, making it the second largest metropolitan area in Massachusetts, after Boston, and the 82nd largest in the country. Located at the confluence of three rivers, Springfield is also a highway junction.
The Ontario Hockey League, also known by the acronym LHO and known in English as the Ontario Hockey League, is an ice hockey league in North America. It is one of the three major junior A tier I leagues that make up the Canadian Hockey League. Before 1980, it was known as the Ontario Hockey Association. A few big names in hockey like Wayne Gretzky, Bobby Orr and Bobby Smith made their debut in the OHL.
Salisbury is a town in Wiltshire in England, a suffragan bishopric of the Archbishop of Canterbury. It has the status of City. It is located about ten kilometers south of Stonehenge.
West Francia is the kingdom received by the Carolingian Charles the Bald when Verdun was divided in 843. These are the former regions of Neustria and Aquitaine, with the western part of Austrasia and the north of Burgundy. , in other words, the France of the four rivers. This part quickly appears as the only Francia, since in the 10th century, Eastern Francia becomes Germania and then the Empire.
Someday / Boys ♡ Girls is the 30th single of Kumi K ō da released under the label Rhythm Zone 22 f ed February 2006 in Japan. He reached 3rd place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 58,372 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 9 weeks, for a total of 89,413 copies sold. Someday / Boys ♡ Girls is the 12th and latest single a s e series of 12, a new spell every week for 12 weeks. On each cover of her different singles, Kumi wears a traditional dress from a country; for Someday / Boys ♡ Girls it's Japan.
Béatrice de Bourbon, Queen Consort of Bohemia and Countess Consort of Luxembourg, is the daughter of Louis I, Duke of Bourbon, Count of Clermont and of Marche, and of Marie d'Avesnes, and the wife of John I of Bohemia.
Alpine is a French company created in Dieppe, France, in 1955 by Jean Rédélé, at the time Renault dealer, which made a remarkable breakthrough in the sports automobile sector. 17 years after his death, Carlos Ghosn, CEO of Renault, announces on November 5, 2012 the rebirth of Alpine.
Khemaies Jhinaoui, born April 5, 1954, is a Tunisian lawyer, diplomat and politician. He was Secretary of State to the Minister of Foreign Affairs from July 1 to December 24, 2011, in the government of Béji Caïd Essebsi.
Panasonic Toyota Racing, originally named Toyota F1 Team, is a former branch of Toyota Motorsport GmbH, dependent on Toyota Motorsport, the sports subsidiary of Japanese car manufacturer Toyota. Panasonic Toyota Racing was entered in the Formula 1 World Championship between 2002 and 2009.
The French Navy is the French Republic's navy.
The city of Lubbock is the seat of Lubbock County, in the State of Texas, United States. Its population was 229,573 in the 2010 census, estimated at 252,506 in 2016. It is the 11th largest city in Texas in terms of population.
Bogdan Adam Klich, born May 8, 1960 in Krakow, is a Polish politician, member of the Civic Platform and Minister of National Defense of Poland from 2007 to 2011.
Torricella-Taverne is a municipality in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
The Servette Football Club, commonly abbreviated as Servette FC, Servette, SFC or Servette de Genève, is a Swiss football club based in Geneva, and was founded in March 1890 by a Briton, with rugby as its first sporting activity. The football section was created on January 17, 1900 and replaced the rugby section that same year. Two decades after its creation, the club won its first Swiss championship in 1906-1907 after its seventh participation.
A Public Affair is the second single by American singer Jessica Simpson, from the fifth album of A Public Affair, released September 26, 2006. The title is written by Diane Warren and composed by Stargate.
Electra Heart is the second studio album by British singer Marina and the Diamonds. It was released on April 27, 2012 by 679 artists and Atlantic Records.
Notre-Dame-de-Ham is a Canadian municipality in Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Arthabaska and the administrative region of Center-du-Quebec. Notre-Dame-De-Ham is located approximately 190 km from Montreal. The municipality has about 400 inhabitants.
The Federal Ministry of Health is the German Federal Government's ministry for health policy and has been headed since 17 December 2013 by Hermann Gröhe.
Devil in His Heart is a song written by Richard Drapkin. She was best known with the feminized track when it was featured on the album With The Beatles in 1963.
Theódoros Pángalos is a Greek politician, member of PASOK.
The Large Front is a Uruguayan political movement founded in 1971, bringing together the Christian Democratic Party, the Communist Party and the Eastern Revolutionary Movement, including dissidents from the Blanco and Colorado Parties. He was quickly joined by the March 26 Movement, founded by the Tupamaros. He is now a member of COPPPAL.
Dame Louise Agnetha Lake-Tack was Governor General of Antigua and Barbuda from 2007 to 2014, the first woman to hold this office.
Somewhere in Time is the sixth album by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden, released on September 29, 1986.
Julius de Medici, born May 26, 1478 in Florence and died September 25, 1534 in Rome, was pope from 1523 to 1534 under the name of Clement VII.During his pontificate, he opposed the King of Spain and Germanic emperor Charles V and the King of England Henry VIII.
The Governor of Alaska is the Chief Executive of the Government of Alaska and the Commander-in-Chief of the State's Military Forces, and the position has been held by Bill Walker since December 2014.
Who Is It is the fifth single from Michael Jackson's Dangerous album released in December 1991. Who Is It was released in August 1992. The song is, like many of Michael Jackson's most famous songs, rumored. The song reached # 1 on Billboard Hot Dance Club Play as well as # 6 on Hot R & B / Hip-Hop Songs.
Lac-Matapedia is an unorganized territory of the regional county municipality of La Matapedia, in the province of Quebec, Canada. It is located in the administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent. Its name was formalized on March 13, 1986. It covers an area of ​​71.85 km2.
Alberto Núñez Feijóo, born September 10, 1961 in Ourense, is a Spanish politician, member of the Popular Party, and currently president of the Junta of Galicia, since 2009, a senior Galician civil servant between 1991 and 1996, he spent the following seven years in the Spanish senior civil service. In 2003, he joined the regional government of Galicia, of which he became vice-president the following year.
Gabriella Lucia Cilmi is an Australian singer, of Italian origin, born October 10, 1991 in Melbourne. She released her debut album Lessons to Be Learned in 2008 and in the same year received six ARIA Music Awards. Her second album, Ten, was released in 2010. In 2011, she left her Island Records label and began recording a third studio album, The Sting, released on November 4, 2013 under an independent label.
Flint is a city in Genesee County, Michigan, United States. With a population of approximately 125,000, it is the fourth largest city in the state. It is the seat of the county of Genesee.
The Duchy of Saxe-Meiningen or Duchy of Saxe-Meiningen-Hildburghausen is a former state in central Germany, of which the Eernestine branch of the House of Wettin was the ruling family.
The Qatar Football Championship is a competition under the aegis of the Qatar Football Federation which was established in 1963.
Lothaire II or III of the Holy Empire or of Supplinburg, duke of Saxony, was elected king of the Romans on May 24, 1125, then was crowned emperor of the Holy Roman Empire on June 4, 1133. His reign was disturbed by Frederick II, duke of Swabia, unsuccessful candidate for the throne, and the latter's brother, Conrad III of Hohenstaufen.
The Spencer Davis Group is a British rock band, originally from Birmingham, founded in 1963 by Spencer Davis with Stevie Winwood and his brother Muff.
Why You Wanna Treat Me So Bad? is a song by Prince and second single from the Prince album.
Thomas Oppermann, born April 27, 1954 in Warendorf, is a German politician, member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. Member of the Landtag of Lower Saxony between 1990 and 2005, he was Minister of Science and Culture of the Land from 1998 to 2003. In 2005, he became a federal deputy in the Bundestag, then secretary general of the SPD group two years later. Following the 2013 elections, he took over the presidency.
Charles XII or Carl of Sweden born June 27, 1682, died December 11, 1718, was the king of the Swedish Empire from 1697 to 1718.
Kirkcaldy is a town in Scotland, located in the council area and lieutenancy of Fife, of which it is the largest agglomeration. From 1975 to 1996, it was the administrative capital of the Kirkcaldy district, within the Fife region. It is located on the north shore of the Firth of Forth. In 2001, it had a population of 46,912 and it is the hometown of Adam Smith, where he also lived from 1767 to 1776, footballer Alfie Conn, Jr.
Who Knew is a song by pop / rock singer Pink, from the album I'm Not Dead released in May 2006. This is the second single from the album.
The Kosovo football team is an internationally unrecognized team representing Kosovo. It is controlled by the Kosovo Football Federation.
Suffolk County is a county in the state of Massachusetts in the United States. In the 2008 census, it had 732,684 inhabitants. Its seat is Boston. Massachusetts Portal Massachusetts Portal
Val-Alain is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Lotbinière in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches. The village runs along the Trans-Canada Highway between the Joly and Villeroy exits, 30 minutes from the national capital, Quebec. One of the attractions of the municipality is the old Caron bridge, a covered bridge crossing the Rivière du Chêne.
Ferenc Mádl, born January 29, 1931 in Bánd in the province of Veszprém, and died May 29, 2011 in Budapest, is a Hungarian politician, President of the Hungarian Republic from August 4, 2000 to August 5, 2005.
Elisha Baxter, born September 1, 1827 in Rutherford County and died May 31, 1899 in Batesville, is an American Republican politician. He was Governor of Arkansas between 1873 and 1874.
Rivière-Bleue is a Canadian municipality of nearly 1,500 inhabitants, part of the regional county municipality of Témiscouata located in eastern Quebec in Bas-Saint-Laurent near the border with the United States and New Brunswick . The territory of the municipality comprising two lakes is a good resort site.
Limerick is Ireland's third largest city by population and the main one on the West Front, with a population of over 50,000, and is located on an island and along the River Shannon, in the county to which it gives its name .
Benetton Rugby Treviso is an Italian rugby union club based in Treviso participating in Pro12 and the European Cup. The Benetton brand owns the club. He plays in the Stadio Comunale di Monigo.The team has been coached by the Italian Umberto Casellato since June 2014.
San Joaquin County is a county in the state of California in the United States. In the 2000 census, it had 563,598 inhabitants. Its population would be approximately 620,000 inhabitants in 2006. Its capital is Stockton. Created in 1850, it is one of the original counties of the state. It was named so because it is crossed by the San Joaquin River.
The Düsseldorf Football Club, more commonly known as Fortuna Düsseldorf, is a German football club founded on May 5, 1895 and based in Düsseldorf. Evolving at the Rheinstadion until 2002, it now has a modern 51,500-seat stadium, the Esprit arena. The Düsseldorf club play in the 2. Bundesliga, Germany's second soccer division, after being relegated from the Bundesliga in 2013.
Saint-Patrice-de-Beaurivage is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of Lotbinière in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches. Named after Saint Patrick, the 2006 census counted 1,037 inhabitants, 6.2% less than in 2001.
Boys Don't Cry is the second single from The Cure, released in 45 rpm on the Fiction Records label in June 1979, with Plastic Passion on the B side.
Ankara, located in central Anatolia, has been the capital of Turkey since October 29, 1923 and the second largest city in the country, after Istanbul, and is also the prefecture of the province of the same name. Its inhabitants are the Ankariotes. Populated by 5 million inhabitants, the city is located at an altitude of 938 meters.
Marjolaine Boutin-Sweet is a Canadian politician. On May 2, 2011, she was elected to the House of Commons in the Montreal riding of Hochelaga, under the New Democratic Party label, defeating outgoing Bloc member Daniel Paillé by nearly 8,000 majority votes.
Ebikon is a town and municipality in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland, located in the electoral district of Lucerne-countryside.
The Sultanate of Delhi is the Muslim kingdom that spanned northern India from 1210 to 1526 from its capital, Delhi. Several Turkish-Afghan dynasties reign successively over the sultanate, the slave dynasty or Muizzî dynasty, the Khaldjî dynasty, the Tughlûq dynasty, the Sayyîd dynasty, and the Lodî.
Timrå IK is an ice hockey club located in Timrå, near Sundsvall, Sweden. The club was founded on May 11, 1928 under the name Wifstavarvs IK and began its hockey activities in 1938. After merging in 1942 with Östrands IF, another local club, the team advanced to the first division of the championship in 1956.
Touch My Body is Mariah Carey's first single from the album E = MC2. The track is co-written by singer Christopher "Tricky" Stewart, Terius "The-Dream" Nash and Crystal "Cri $ tyle" Johnson and is produced by Carey and Stewart. The single settled at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 for two weeks, making the title its 18th # 1 single, breaking records again.
Poitiers is a town in west-central France, capital of the Vienne department and the Poitou-Charentes region. With 87,906 inhabitants in 2011, Poitiers is the most populous municipality in Vienne. It is also the most important municipality in the Poitou-Charentes region, ahead of La Rochelle, Niort or Angoulême.
Margherita de Savoie-Aoste, born April 4, 1930, is the daughter of Amédée de Savoie-Aoste and Anne d'Orléans.
Longeau, called in German Lengnau or Lengnau bei Biel, is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Bern, located in the administrative district of Biel.
Kristina Kerscher Keneally, born Kristina Marie Kerscher in Las Vegas on December 19, 1968, is an Australian politician in the Australian Labor Party, formerly Prime Minister of New South Wales from 2009 to 2011.
Cashville Records is an independent American music label founded by Young Buck. The label is distributed by RED Distribution, owned by Sony BMG Music Entertainment.
Rüti bei Büren is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Bern, located in the administrative district of Zealand.
Hoo-Bangin 'Records is an independent label founded by rapper Mack 10. This name comes from one of his songs. The label is attached to Cash Money Records / Universal Records. Hoo-Bangin 'Records recently ended its contract with Capitol Records and signed a contract with Cash Money Records / Universal Records.
The Center Party is an agrarian and centrist Norwegian political party founded in 1920. Originally created as the political wing of an agrarian organization, it quickly severed ties with the latter. Until 1959, it was known as the Peasants' Party. Its program is centered on decentralized economic development and process.
STS-36 was the sixth mission of the Space Shuttle Atlantis. She served on a mission for the United States Department of Defense.
Grossaffoltern is a municipality in the canton of Bern in Switzerland, located in the administrative district of Seeland.
I'm a Boy is a song by British rock band The Who. It was released in August 1966, reaching second on the UK charts. It can be found on several compilations, such as the 1994 anthology. An alternate version exists on Meaty Beaty Big and Bouncy.
Charles Célestin Auguste Jonnart, born in Fléchin on December 27, 1857 and died on September 30, 1927, is a French politician.
Piraeus is the main port of Athens. It is also the first port and the main industrial center of Greece. It is the departure point for travelers to the Aegean Islands and is located in the Attica region on the eastern coast of the Saronic Gulf.
Zain Javadd Malik, known as Zayn Malik1 or simply Zayn, born January 12, 1993 in Bradford, West Yorkshire in the United Kingdom, is a British singer, model and actor.
Inger Beinov Støjberg, born March 16, 1973 in Hjerk, is a Danish politician and member of the Danish Liberal Party. She has served as a minister several times.
Champagne is a city located in the US state of Illinois, in Champaign County.
Frédéric-François III of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, born March 19, 1851 in Ludwigslust and died April 10, 1897 in Cannes, was the fourth and penultimate Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin from 1883 to 1897.
La Chaux-des-Breuleux is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Jura, located in the district of Franches-Montagnes.
The Spain Under-20 or Spain U20 team is a selection of footballers under 20 at the start of two years of competition under the responsibility of the Royal Spanish Football Federation. She was world champion in 1999.
Milwaukee is the largest city in Wisconsin and the 25th largest city in the United States by population. The city is the seat of Milwaukee County in southeastern Wisconsin on the shores of Lake Michigan. It is located approximately 150 km north of Chicago.
Grosswangen is a municipality in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland, located in the electoral district of Sursee.
She's Leaving Home is a song by the British band The Beatles written by Paul McCartney with the assistance of John Lennon. She appears on the album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band released in 1967.
Jeanne III d'Albret was Queen of Navarre from 1555 until her death. She was the niece of the King of France François I and was brought up under his authority at the court of France. She married Antoine de Bourbon, first prince of the blood and was the mother of King Henry IV. An important figure of Protestantism in France, she distinguished herself by her moral rigor and religious intransigence. At the start of the wars of religion, she separated from her husband who had joined the Catholic camp and permanently established the Calvinist Reformation on his land.
Scott Allen Skiles, aka Scott Skiles, born March 5, 1964 in La Porte, Indiana, United States, is a former American basketball player, turned NBA coach. He played in the US Professional Championship as a point guard between 1986 and 1996 and is still the record holder for one-game assists with 30.
Augustin Matata Ponyo Mapon, born June 5, 1964 in Kindu, is a Kino-Congolese politician, specialist in monetary and fiscal policy, Prime Minister since May 9, 2012.
The Buenos Aires rugby union federation or Unión de Rugby de Buenos Aires, is the entity responsible in Argentina for rugby union in the city of Buenos Aires and whose jurisdiction extends within a radius of 120 kilometers around The URBA is also the rugby union team of the province of Buenos Aires in the national provincial championship organized by the Unión Argentina de Rugby.
Mevlüt Çavu ş o ğ read is a Turkish politician, d é could é and co-founder of the Party for Justice and the d é development. Since 2014, he is Minister of Affairs é trang è res.
Muhen is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Aarau.
GZA, real name Gary Grice, is an American rapper and member of the Wu-Tang Clan group.
Portland is the largest city in Oregon, a state in the northwestern United States. Located near the confluence of the Columbia and Willamette rivers in the northwest of the country, it is the third most populous city in the Pacific Northwest, after Seattle and Vancouver. It had 583,776 inhabitants according to the 2010 census, the 29th most populous city in the country.
Lilleby is a railway station on Nordland Line located in Trondheim, Norway serving the area of ​​Lademoen. The station is serviced by the Trøndelag Commuter Rail operated by Norwegian State Railways. In 2006 the station changed its name from Lademoen so the Lademoen name could be used for the new station Lademoen located at Nedre Elvehavn. Lilleby was opened in 1967 and is 1.77 km from Trondheim Central Station. Lademoen is primarily a residential area.
The Estadio Alberto J. Armando, commonly known as the Bombonera, is a football stadium located in the La Boca district of Buenos Aires. It is the home of Argentina's CA Boca Juniors team, one of the most successful teams in Argentina and around the world.
Wayne County is a county in the southeastern state of Michigan and is named after General Anthony Wayne. Along with Oakland County and Macomb County, Wayne County is one of the major counties in the Metro Detroit region. As of 2006, with 1,971,853 residents, Wayne County was the most populous in Michigan, with the county seat in Detroit, the state's largest city.
Ralph Shearer Northam, born September 13, 1959 in Nassawadox, Virginia, is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party. On November 5, 2013, he was elected Deputy Governor of Virginia.
Sophie Paleologus, is the niece of the last Byzantine emperor, Constantine XI, and the second wife of the Grand Prince of Moscow Ivan III.
The Ministry of the Interior of Spain is the ministerial department responsible for public security, the protection of fundamental rights and the management of penitentiary establishments in Spain. The current holder of this portfolio has been, since December 22, 2011, curator Jorge Fernández Díaz, with headquarters in Paseo de la Castellana, Madrid.
In his classic sense, the architect is the designer of a building whose mission is to organize the layout of its spaces and volumes, and to lead its realization.
Cry Baby Cry is a song by The Beatles, written by John Lennon although credited to Lennon / McCartney. It was released on November 22, 1968 in the United Kingdom on the album The Beatles. To write the lyrics, Lennon was inspired by an old tale for children, but also an advertising slogan which said "Cry baby cry, make your mother buy".
Louis I, known as “the Pious”, died at a respectable age for the time, 62 years old, in 840.
William Gibson, born March 17, 1948 in Conway, South Carolina, is an American science fiction writer and one of the leaders of the cyberpunk movement.
Titus Corl AT ean n e 11 January 1968 in Medgidia, is a Romanian politician and member of the Social Party of e democrat. It's affairs minister é trang è res since 6 August 2012.
Richard Starkey, known as Ringo Starr, is a British musician, singer, songwriter and actor, the oldest of the Beatles, whom he drummed from 1962 until their separation in 1970. He is considered by several musicians including the other three Beatles, and by the public as one of the best drummers in rock history.
Nicholas Ernest of Firmian is an American grandmaster of chess and a three-time United States champion, winning the title in 1987 in 1995 and 1998. He also tied for first in 2002 but was defeated by Larry Christiansen in the tie-offs. He is also a known author for writing the 13th, 14th and 15th editions of the Modern Chess Openings.
It's Only Love is a Beatles song composed by John Lennon, although credited to Lennon / McCartney like all compositions by either at this time. Lennon was subsequently particularly disappointed with this song, the lyrics of which he found ridiculous. This song was recorded in June 1965 using several retouching techniques such as an effect pedal and voice doubling. It is then published on the album Help! in August 1965 in the United Kingdom, and on Rubber Soul in December 1965 in the United States. It was subsequently the object of only a few revivals.
The University of Pisa is an Italian public university founded in 1343 by edict of Pope Clement VI: it thus ranks 19th among the oldest universities and 10th among the oldest universities in Italy. The University is home to the Orto botanico, the oldest botanical garden in Europe, and together with the école normale supérieure de Pisa and the école supérieure Sainte-Anne de Pisa, it forms the University Complex of Pisa.
Dylan is a dynamic, reflective, object-oriented and functional programming language. It offers a programming model focused on efficient generation of machine code. It was created in the early 1990s by a group led by Apple for its PDA, the Apple Newton.
Miramax Films Corp. is an American film production and distribution company founded in 1979 by brothers Harvey and Robert Weinstein. The studio was acquired in 1993 by the Walt Disney Company, but the latter sold it in 2010 for $ 660 million to Filmyard Holdings LLC.
Kiseki is the 13th single from Kumi Kōda released on the Rhythm Zone label on September 8, 2004 in Japan. He reached 7th place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 28,509 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 10 weeks, for a total of 60,033 copies sold. It is released in CD and CD + DVD format. Kiseki was used as the musical theme for the J-League show which airs on NHK. Loveholic was used as the ending music for the Sekai Bari Bari Value show on TBS.
Ferdinand III, or Saint Ferdinand of Castile, was King of Castile from 1217 to 1230, and King of Castile and León from 1230 to 1252. Born probably in 1199 in the monastery of Valparaíso, in Peleas de Arriba, in what is now the province of Zamora, Ferdinand III is the son of Alfonso IX of León, and Bérangère of Castile. Ferdinand III deeply marked the history of medieval Spain.
Charles of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen, born February 20, 1785 in Sigmaringen, died March 11, 1853 He was Prince of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen from 1831 to 1848.
Scranton is an American city located in northeastern Pennsylvania, in Lackawanna County. The 2010 census indicated a population of 76,089.
Martinville is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of Coaticook in Estrie.
General Ioánnis Metaxás, born in Ithaca on April 12, 1871 and died January 29, 1941 in Athens, was a Greek soldier and politician. He was Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Greece from 1936 until his death, during the period of dictatorship known as the 4-August regime.
United Regions of Serbia is a Serbian political party. Originally founded on May 16, 2010 as a political coalition, it became a unified political party on April 21, 2013. He is the defender of decentralization and business support. The URS has its headquarters in Belgrade.
The Prime Minister is the head of government of the Republic of Vanuatu. The office of Prime Minister is institutionalized by the Constitution adopted when the country gained independence in 1980. Vanuatu's political institutions are based on a model of parliamentary rule, where the President has a primarily ceremonial role, and the Prime Minister is the head of government.
Saint-Elzéar-de-Témiscouata is a Canadian municipality of approximately 300 inhabitants, part of the regional county municipality of Témiscouata located in Bas-Saint-Laurent in eastern Quebec.
James IV, King of Scotland from 1488 until his death, son of King James III and Margaret of Denmark, he ascended to the throne at the age of fifteen. After twenty-five years of reign, he was defeated and killed by the English at the Battle of Flodden Field. He is the last British monarch to die in action.
Nicholas Copernicus, born February 19, 1473 in Toruń, Royal Prussia and died May 24, 1543 in Frombork, Royal Prussia, is a Polish canon, physician and astronomer.
Beauvais is a French commune located in the department of Oise, of which it is the prefecture, and the Picardy region. It is located north of the Paris basin, on the banks of the Thérain, a tributary of the Oise. With the largest population in the department, Beauvais is the third most populous municipality in the region. Its inhabitants are called the Beauvaisiens.
Scott is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC de La Nouvelle-Beauce in the Chaudière-Appalaches region. Scott is accessible via Highway 73 and is crossed by Highway 173.
I Wanna Be Where You Are is a song by American singer Michael Jackson written and composed by Leon Ware and Arthur "T-Boy" Ross and released in 1972. It is ranked # 16 on the Billboard Hot 100, # 2 on the Hot R & B / Hip -Hop Songs and No. 7 at the Cash Box. It was immediately taken over by Willie Hutch and Leon Thomas in 1973 and then by Marvin Gaye.
Reno is an American city, seat of Washoe County in the state of Nevada. In the 2010 United States Census, its population was 225,221, making it the third largest city in Nevada after Las Vegas and Henderson.
Seán Francis Lemass was an Irish politician. He was the fourth Taoiseach of the Republic of Ireland. He is a veteran of the 1916 Easter Uprising, the War of Independence and the Civil War.
Sainte-Sophie-d'Halifax is a Canadian municipality in Quebec. Located in the administrative region of Center-du-Québec, it is part of the regional county municipality of L'érable.
City Slang is a Berlin-based label distributed by Universal.
Fotbal Club Vaslui is a Romanian football club founded in 2002 in Vaslui.
The 20-August-1955 stadium is a stadium located in the heart of Algiers in the Annassers district. It is one of the oldest stadiums in Algeria. It can hold twenty thousand spectators. Two Algerian clubs play their matches there: CR Belouizdad and OMR El Anasser.
The Progressive Workers' Party is a Communist-oriented Cypriot political party. It has been the leading Cypriot political party since 2001. In the last legislative elections in 2006, it won 18 seats. It also has two MEPs who are part of the European United Left / Nordic Green Left group.
Woensdrecht is a municipality and a village in the Netherlands in the province of North Brabant.
The US city of Gainesville is the seat of Alachua County, in the state of Florida. It is known to be the seat of the University of Florida, the fourth largest in the country, and Santa Fe College, another large university. According to the census bureau the city's population was 95,447 in 2000, that of 2010 was 124,354.
The Indianapolis 500 Miles is an American auto race that has been held annually since 1911 on Memorial Day weekend at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway at Speedway
WWE NXT is a wrestling academy and show of World Wrestling Entertainment, which since June 20, 2012 has become WWE's third division with Raw and SmackDown !. This new division highlights new wrestlers, selected from the former WWE club-school, Florida Championship Wrestling.
The Telescope is an unimportant constellation in the southern hemisphere.
Otto Wilhelm Rudolf Caracciola, aka Rudolf Caracciola, born January 30, 1901 in Remagen in the Kingdom of Prussia, under the German Empire and died September 28, 1959 in Kassel in Hesse, West Germany, is a racing driver and German motorcycle then Swiss of Italian origin. He is considered one of the greatest pre-war Grand Prix pilots and recognized for his perfectionism.
The Guyana Football Team is a selection of the best Guyanese players under the umbrella of the Guyana Football League. It is not recognized by FIFA but it takes part in CONCACAF competitions.
Leonid Hurwicz is a distinguished American economist, co-winner of the “Nobel Prize” in economics for his pioneering work in the field of the theory of the design of incentive mechanisms.
Anthony Colin Bruce Chapman was a British automotive engineer, founder of the Lotus sports car industry. He had a great influence in motorsport, and many of his innovations became classic techniques.
Niamey is the capital of Niger. It is located on the Niger River in the far west of the country and is its most populous city with 1,302,910 inhabitants in 2011.
The Minister of State is the head of government of the Principality of Monaco, appointed by the Prince of Monaco; during his mandate, he is responsible for government action and foreign affairs, in agreement with the prince. of the prince, the Minister of State presides with the right to vote the council of government, directs the public services and commands the police force.
Miguel ángel Osorio Chong, born August 5, 1964 in Pachuca, Hidalgo. He was the governor of the Mexican state of Hidalgo between April 1, 2005 and March 31, 2011, and is the current Secretary of the Government of Mexico since December 1, 2012.
Rain is a municipality in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland, located in the electoral district of Hochdorf.
Sainte-Eulalie is a Canadian municipality in Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Nicolet-Yamaska ​​and in the administrative region of Center-du-Québec.
HRT Formula 1 Team, previously known as HRT Formula One Team, formerly known as Hispania Racing F1 Team, and founded as Campos Grand Prix, is a Spanish motorsport team created by former driver Adrian Campos in the mid-1990s.
The Parliament of Pakistan is the bicameral parliament of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan located in Islamabad. It is the organ of Pakistani federal legislative power. It is made up of two chambers, the National Assembly and the Senate.
The Saeima is the unicameral parliament of Latvia.
Charles Erwin Wilson, born July 18, 1890 in Minerva, Ohio, United States, and died September 26, 1961, Norwood, Louisiana, United States, was the 5th Secretary of the Defense of the United States. He held this position from January 20, 1953 to October 8, 1957.
Alain Delon, born November 8, 1935 in Sceaux, is a French actor and businessman; he has also had Swiss nationality since 1999. He has also been a producer and directed two films. Having started making cinema at the age of 22, he was once the most profitable actor in French cinema with Louis de Funès and Jean-Paul Belmondo, and drew millions of spectators in the theaters.
Yuri Ivanovich Onoufrienko is a Russian cosmonaut born February 6, 1961.
The University of Queensland is an Australian university with its main campus in Saint Lucia near Brisbane, founded in 1909, it is the oldest university in Queensland and the fifth oldest in the country. The main campus is located in St Lucia, southwest of the Brisbane CBD. UQ is a member of Australia's Group of Eight lobby group.
Papeete is a town in French Polynesia on the island of Tahiti, of which it is the administrative capital.
Stevie Nicks, whose full name is Stephanie Lynn Nicks, is an American singer and songwriter, born May 26, 1948 in Phoenix, known for her work with the rock group Fleetwood Mac and a long solo career which has collectively sold more of 140 million albums. She is also famous for her spiritual image, distinctive voice and symbolic texts. Stevie Nicks joined Fleetwood Mac in December 1974 with his then-partner Lindsey Buckingham.
The Trianon Peace Treaty was signed on June 4, 1920 at the Grand Trianon in Versailles by the belligerent powers of the First World War: on one side the United Kingdom, France, the United States, Italy, Romania , the Kingdom of the Serbs, Croats and Slovenes and Czechoslovakia, on the other hand Austria-Hungary which lost the war and which is represented there by Hungary.
Baron Jean-Baptiste Nothomb is a Belgian politician with a liberal tendency. A strong supporter of unionism, he was chief of staff from 1841 to 1845.
The Japanese Football Cup was created in 1921. It is called the Emperor's Cup. The final takes place at the Olympic Stadium in Tokyo, traditionally on January 1 following the end of the championship. The winner of this cup also lands a qualifying place the following year for the AFC Champions League, the Asian equivalent of the League of European UEFA champions.
Jean-Louis Baribeau, born in Sainte-Geneviève-de-Batiscan on March 19, 1893 and died in Trois-Rivières on December 26, 1975 at the age of 82, was a politician from Quebec, Canada.
Riddes is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Valais, located in the district of Martigny.
Bettwiesen is a municipality in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland, located in the district of Münchwilen.
The Crickets are an American rock 'n' roll band from Lubbock, Texas. Formed by singer and songwriter Buddy Holly in the 1950s, the band's first hit song was That'll Be the Day in 1957. After Buddy Holly's death in 1959, the band continued to tour and record with various singers. Rock Portal Rock Portal Texas Portal Texas Portal
The principality of Achaia also written Achaye or Morée is a seigneury founded by Guillaume de Champlitte during the Fourth Crusade.
Maud Elisabeth Olofsson, is a Swedish politician. President of the Center Party from 2001 to 2011, she was Minister of Business and Energy between 2006 and 2011, and Deputy Minister of State from 2006 to 2010.
The Duchy of Saxe-Altenburg is a former state of central Germany which had two existences: the first in the 17th century and the second in the 19th century. He was ruled by the Eernestine branch of the House of Wettin.
Their Satanic Majesties Request is the Rolling Stones' sixth album released in Great Britain and the eighth released in the United States.
Liberal Democracy is a French political party, successor to the Republican Party created on June 24, 1997 under the presidency of Alain Madelin and disappeared in 2002 with the creation of the Union for the Presidential Majority.Its full statutory name is Liberal Democracy, independent republicans and Republicans.
State of Shock is a song recorded by The Jacksons and Mick Jagger that was released in July 1984 and was originally intended to be performed with Freddie Mercury, along with other tracks that were never finalized.
Shell is an oil company of British and Dutch origin, one of the largest multinational corporations, with turnover of US $ 393.7 billion in 2012, ranking it 5th among global companies in terms of turnover.
Marie de Saxe-Altenbourg, is queen of Hanover by her marriage to George V, grandson of George III of the United Kingdom and Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.
Glenn Danzig, whose real name is Glenn Allen Anzalone, born June 23, 1955, is an American singer. He successively founded the groups The Misfits, Samhain and Danzig. Recognized as one of the upholders of the horror punk genre, his musical style has evolved from rock to heavy metal and industry, through blues and folk influences.
Chattanooga is the fourth largest city in the state of Tennessee, United States of America, and the seat of Hamilton County.
The Maid Freed from the Gallows is one of the titles of a centuries-old popular song. The song is about a condemned young girl begging for someone to buy her freedom, and in the collection of ballads compiled by Francis James Child at the end of the 19th century, it is indexed as Child Ballad number 95 and is broken down into eleven variations , some fragmentary, ranging from 95A to 95K.
Louis Joseph Buffet, born October 26, 1818 in Mirecourt and died July 7, 1898 in Paris, is a French statesman.
Västmanland is one of the historic provinces of Sweden. It is an agricultural region located to the west of Stockholm, the capital of Sweden. Sweden Portal Sweden Portal
The Australia Football Team is the selection of Australian players representing the country in international men's football competitions, under the auspices of the Australian Football Federation.
Andrew John Ridgeley is an English pop singer, guitarist and environmentalist. He was a member, along with George Michael, of the famous 1980s pop group, Wham !.
Tomoko Kawase is the Japanese singer of the group The Brilliant Green. She also has a solo career under the pseudonyms Tommy February6 and Tommy Heavenly6.
Yasser Seirawan is an American chess grandmaster and four-time national champion who won the World Junior Chess Championship in 1979. Yasser Seirawan is also a chess author and game commentator. He was the editor of Inside Chess magazine.
Disconnected is a song by alternative rock band Keane, taken from the album Strangeland. This is the second single from the album.
Portsmouth is a city on the south coast of England. It belongs to the ceremonial county of Hampshire, but forms a unitary authority. Nicknamed Pompey, Portsmouth is one of the three most important military ports in England.
The Louisville Cardinals are a college sports club at the University of Louisville. Cardinals teams participate in college competitions organized by the National Collegiate Athletic Association. Louisville has been part of the Atlantic Coast Conference since 2014.
Savannah is a city in Georgia, a state in the southeastern United States. Founded in the 18th century, it now has approximately 136,286 inhabitants for the town and 347,611 for its agglomeration.
Hannibal Barca, usually referred to as Annibal or Hannibal, born in 247 BC. AD in Carthage and died by suicide between 183 and 181 BC.
Chris Bachalo is a Canadian comic book designer known for his stints at DC Comics and Marvel Comics. He drew episodes of Generation X and Uncanny X-Men before founding the Steampunk series in 2000.
Need U Bad, duet with Missy Elliott, is a song by Jazmine Sullivan from the album Fearless. In the United States, Need U Bad is the first single from the album.
Space Oddity is David Bowie's second album, released in November 1969. Originally published by Philips in the UK as David Bowie and by Mercury in the US as Man of Words / Man of Music, it was reissued by RCA in 1972 under the title Space Oddity, under which it has been known since.Despite its critical success and the success of Space Oddity in the UK singles chart, the album met with commercial failure. UK.
I Belong to You / How Many Ways is a single by singer Toni Braxton, released on June 10, 1994, also the 6th and 7th singles from the album titled Toni Braxton. I Belong to You is written by Vassal Benford and Ronald Spearman and composed by Vassal Benford. How Many Ways is written by Vincent Herbert and Toni Braxton, and composed by Vincent Herbert.
Cook County is a county located in the northeast of the state of Illinois on the edge of Lake Michigan in the United States. With 5,231,351 inhabitants in 2012, Cook County is the second most populous county in the United States after Los Angeles. It represents 40.6% of the total population of the state. Almost three-quarters of its residents live in the city of Chicago, which is the county seat.
Maienfeld is a municipality in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland, located in the Landquart district.
The Racing Club de France football Colombes 92, more commonly known as "Racing Colombes 92" or simply "Racing", is a football club founded in 1896, as a section of the Racing Club de France, a Parisian sports club created in 1882. Racing has known many identities during its history and two periods of professionalism.
Zeno of Elea, born circa 490 and died circa 430 BC. AD, is a pre-Socratic Greek philosopher.
Louise Augusta of Denmark, Duchess of Augustenborg was officially the daughter of King Christian VII of Denmark and Queen Caroline Mathilde. But it is widely believed that his natural father was Johann Friedrich Struensee, the king's physician and de facto regent of the country at the time of his birth. She was sometimes called “the little Struensee.” Louise Augusta was born in Hirschholm Castle, in what is now Hørsholm.
Vladislav Nikolaevich Volkov is a Soviet cosmonaut, born November 23, 1935 and died accidentally on June 30, 1971, during his return to Earth.
Cotonou is the economic capital and the largest city of Benin. The city is home to many government and diplomatic services.Cotonou is known throughout West Africa for its international market of 20 hectares, it is the largest market in West Africa, its Zémidjans and a secondary MISSEBO market located a few meters from the market. The name Kùt ɔ ́nû means "mouth of the river of death" in fon-gbe.
Count Hubert Pierlot, Belgian politician of the Catholic Party, professor of law, president of the Belgian Catholic Union, was born in Cugnon on December 23, 1883 and died in Uccle-Brussels on December 13, 1963. He was Prime Minister at the time when Belgium was drawn into the Second World War and, as such, was brought to lead throughout the war the government in exile in London.
Persian is the language spoken in Iran, Afghanistan, and Tajikistan as an official language, as well as in Bahrain, Azerbaijan, Iraq, Russia, and Uzbekistan. It has a total of over 100 million speakers and belongs to the Indo-Iranian group of the Indo-European language family. It is a language of the “subject-object-verb” type.
Dar es Salaam, also written Dar es Salaam or Dar es Salaam, formerly Mzizima, is the largest city, economic center and former capital of Tanzania.
Burnin 'is an instrumental track by French electronic music group Daft Punk released in 1997. It is the 4th single from their debut album Homework, released the same year.
The Canterbury region is a region of New Zealand located on the east coast of the South Island. It includes the Canterbury Plains, the large city of Christchurch and part of the Southern Alps.
Sergio Osmeña was the 4th President of the Philippines from 1944 to 1946 Politics Portal Politics Portal Philippine Portal Philippine Portal
Edward II of England was King of England from 1307 until his deposition in January 1327 He was the son of King Edward I and Eleanor of Castile Edward II, known as Edward of Carnarvon, was the sixth king of the Plantagenêt dynasty, started with Henri II, son of Geoffroy Plantagenêt, count of Anjou.
Saint-Elphège is a Canadian parish municipality in Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Nicolet-Yamaska ​​and in the administrative region of Center-du-Quebec.
The province of Santiago de Chile constitutes one of the six provinces of the Metropolitan Region of Santiago, being the one that shelters the major part of the region's population, comprising thirty-one of the thirty-five municipalities that make up Gran Santiago.
Saint-Dominique is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Maskoutains in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Montérégie. The municipality was once part of the County of Bagot. It is named in honor of Dominique de Guzmán, founder of the Order of Preachers.
The Glasgow Warriors are a Scottish provincial rugby union team competing in Pro12 and the European Cup.
Rouslana Lijichko, known under the artist name Ruslana, is a Ukrainian singer born in Lviv on May 24, 1973; she is the winner of the 2004 Eurovision Song Contest with Wild Dances.
The Österreichischer Rundfunk is an Austrian foundation under public law responsible for broadcasting. It is Austria's largest media company and is headquartered in Vienna. In addition, the ORF has a regional studio in each of the nine Länder, as well as since 1975 a studio in Bolzano.
The Prague Graduate School of Economics is a public university offering various training courses related to management and economics in Prague. The school was founded in 1919 and now consists of six faculties. More than 19,000 students are enrolled in VŠE and are served by approximately 700 members of the academic body as well as approximately 500 members of the non-academic body. Václav Klaus, President of the Czech Republic from 2003 to 2013, on his own completed his studies in Foreign Trade Economics at the Higher School of Economics.
The Angus is a council area and a lieutenancy region in eastern Scotland situated between Dundee and Aberdeen on the North Sea coast.
Venceslaus de Sousa Pereira de Lima is a politician and geologist of the end of the Portuguese constitutional monarchy. He was president of the council from May 14, 1909 to December 22, 1909 of King Manuel II of Portugal in an independent government.
Anne-Aymone Giscard d'Estaing, born Anne-Aymone Marie Josèphe Christiane Sauvage de Brantes on April 10, 1933 in the 8th arrondissement of Paris, is the wife of Valéry Giscard d'Estaing, who was the 20th President of the French Republic of May 27, 1974 to May 21, 1981.
Bergen County is the most populous county in the state of New Jersey, United States. Its population was 902,561 in 2000. Its seat is Hackensack. The county is part of the New York metropolitan area.
Macon is a city located in central Georgia, a state in the southeastern United States. The city is the seat of the county of Bibb and one of the largest urban areas of the state, with 94,000 inhabitants for the municipality and 231,000 inhabitants for the agglomeration. The city of Macon is located near the geographic center of Georgia and is located approximately 80 miles south of the city of Atlanta. The current mayor of Macon is Robert Reichert.
Juan Negrín is a Spanish physiologist and politician. From 1937 to 1945, he was head of government of the Second Spanish Republic, then of the government in exile. His career was atypical. He entered politics late after a career as a researcher and professor of physiology. He joined the PSOE in 1929 and gave up research.
Ann Louise Wagner is an American politician and member of the Republican Party. She currently represents Missouri's Second District in the United States House of Representatives.
Nemzeti Bajnokság II, commonly known as NB II, currently Ness Hungary NB II is the second division of the Hungarian professional football championship, founded in 1901. Throughout history, the competition has gone by several names such as NB I / B or again the NB I between 1998 and 2000. At that time, the NB II designated the third Hungarian echelon. The format of the championship has changed over and over again, going from one to several groups.
Digne-les-Bains is a French commune, capital of the department of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence and located in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. The name of its inhabitants is Dignois.
Nastradamus is Nas's fourth studio album, released in 1999.
Jerome "Jay" Apt is an American astronaut born April 28, 1949.
Blixa Bargeld, whose real name is Christian Emmerich, born January 12, 1959 in Berlin, is a German musician, artist, composer, author and actor. He adopts his pseudonym in reference to the Dadaist artist Johannes Theodor Baargeld; it is also a mark of ballpoint pen and literally means cash in German. Blixa Bargeld is one of the founding members of the Berlin group Einstürzende Neubauten in 1980.
The Rhine Palatinate, or in a long form, the Rhine Palatinate County, was a state of the Holy Roman Empire which played a major role in German history. From the sovereign rights of the Palatine Counts of Lotharingia around 1085, he was elevated to the Palatine electorate by the Golden Bull promulgated by Emperor Charles IV in 1356, confirming the Palatine Counts of the Rhine of the House of Wittelsbach to the status of prince-elector - one of the seven principalities of the Holy Roman Empire vested with an elective office to the imperial throne.
Frederick III, whose full name Frederick William Nicolas Charles de Hohenzollern, King of Prussia and German Emperor, was born October 18, 1831 in Potsdam, Prussia, and died June 15, 1888 in the same city.
Elizabeth Marie Adelaide Dobrzensky of Dobrzenicz, "Princess of Orléans-Braganza" by marriage, was born December 7, 1875 at Castle Chotěbo ř in the Boh ê me Austro-Hungarian, and d e c e d e e the June 11, 1951 in Sintra, Portugal. It is, for some monarchists br e Brasilian, an "imp é Empress Br e sil."
Eschenbach is a municipality in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland, located in the electoral district of Hochdorf.
Andrea Zafferani, born December 19, 1982 in San Marino, is a politician from San Marino with a doctorate in economics and management as well as a diploma in political economy, he works for the central bank. at the Popular Alliance, he was a member of the Serravalle municipal council from December 2003 to May 2005. Member of the General Council in 2007, he was appointed on September 9, 2010 by his political group as captain-regent, a position he held jointly with Giovanni Francesco Ugolini from October 1, 2010 to April 1, 2011.
Vugelles-La Mothe is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois.
Neon Gold Records is an independent music label that sells the records it produces in two stores, one in London and the other in New York. He specialized in the sale of singles in limited quantities, often between 250 and 500 copies.
Mohamed Elyazghi, born September 28, 1935 in Fez, is a Moroccan lawyer and politician, former First Secretary of the Socialist Union of Popular Forces and one of the founders of the Moroccan Association for Human Rights.
The Cannes Sports Association is a French football club founded in 1902, based in Cannes. He is currently playing in DHR. Winner of the Coupe de France in 1932, AS Cannes joined the professional French championship that year.
Tom Prichard is an American wrestler. He is the brother of Chris and Bruce Prichard.
Hermann Jónasson, born December 25, 1896 and died January 22, 1976, was an Icelandic politician and two-time Prime Minister. He was a member of the Progress Party. Iceland Portal Iceland Portal Politics Portal Politics Portal
The French ice hockey championship, which currently bears the name "Ligue Magnus", is the highest level in French ice hockey; it was created during the 1906-1907 season. The championship winners receive the Magnus Cup. The level of play in this league is generally considered intermediate.
Wish I Had An Angel is a single and second single from the album Once by the band Nightwish. It was released in September 2004 and was composed by Tuomas Holopainen.
Graz 99ers is an ice hockey club from Graz, Austria. He plays in the Austrian Ice Hockey Championship.
éléonore de Provence, of the family of Provence, became queen consort of England. She is considered blessed by the Catholic Church.
António José Martins Seguro, born March 11, 1962 in Penamacor, is a Portuguese politician, member of the Socialist Party, of which he is currently secretary general.
Parsley, Sage, Rosemary and Thyme is the third album by the duo Simon and Garfunkel, released in 1966. Its title comes from the second line of the first song, a cover of Scarborough Fair, a popular 16th century English song.
I Knew You Were Trouble is a song by American artist Taylor Swift from her fourth studio album Red. The title was made available for download on October 9, 2012 and quickly became No. 1 in sales on iTunes. It is released under the Big Machine Records label.
Roch Marc Christian Kaboré is a Burkinabé politician, president of the People's Movement for Progress, former president of the Burkinabé National Assembly and former prime minister of Burkina between March 22, 1994 and February 6, 1996.
Maria de Belém Roseira Martins Coelho Henriques de Pina, born July 28, 1949 in Porto, is a Portuguese politician, member of the Socialist Party.
Rosario Fernández Figueroa, is a Peruvian politician.
Yamaguchi Prefecture is a prefecture in Japan, the westernmost part of Honshū.
Vjekoslav Bevanda, born May 13, 1956 in Mostar, is a Bosnian politician and member of the Croatian Democratic Union of Bosnia and Herzegovina. He has been President of the Council of Ministers since January 12, 2012.
Lupfig is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Brugg.
Jean-Georges III, born June 20, 1647 in Dresden and died September 12, 1691 in Tübingen, was Elector of Saxony, Count Palatine of Saxony and Margrave of Misnie from 1680 until his death.
Novgorod, is a historic city in northwestern Russia and the administrative capital of Novgorod oblast. Its population was 219,925 inhabitants in 2013.
Diekirch is a Luxembourg city and the capital of the municipality and canton bearing the same name.
The United National Party of South Africa - more commonly known as the United Party or Unified Party - is a political party in South Africa founded in 1934. Arising from the merger of the South African Party of Jan Smuts and the National Party of James Barry Munnik Hertzog, the united party dominated South African executive and legislative power from 1934 to 1948.
Booker T. Jones is an American keyboardist, arranger and producer of soul music, a member of Booker T. & the MG's.
What Is and What Should Never Be is a song by British rock band Led Zeppelin which appeared on their second album, Led Zeppelin II, released in 1969. Rock Portal Rock Portal Music Portal Music Portal • Song section
Football League 2 is the third and final level of Greek professional football.
Philippe de Bourgogne, born in Villaines-en-Duesmois in December 1389, died in Azincourt on October 25, 1415, count of Nevers and Rethel, son of Philippe II le Bold, duke of Burgundy and Marguerite III de Dampierre, countess of Flanders , of Burgundy, Nevers and Rethel. When his older brother, Jean Sans Peur, inherited the Duchy of Burgundy in 1404, he gave him the county of Nevers.
Judeo-Tunisian is a variety of Arabic spoken by Jews, Judeo-Arabic, living or having lived in Tunisia. Judeo-Tunisian is spoken by more than 350,000 people, of whom 45,000 live in Israel and 500 in Tunisia. Its speakers are mainly adults, while young people have little knowledge of it.
The Victoria Cross is the supreme military honor of the British Army and the Commonwealth of Nations. Established on January 29, 1856 by a royal decree of Queen Victoria to reward acts of bravery during the Crimean War, the Victoria Cross is intended to reward only military prowess accomplished against the enemy in time of war.
Thomas Goode Jones, born November 26, 1844 and died April 28, 1914, is an American Democratic politician. He was governor of Alabama between 1890 and 1894.
Psycho is the third track from Muse's Drones album released on March 12, 2015. It is the first single released from the album but is not a full single. The date of the first broadcast is announced the day before on the group's official website when the album is announced. The track is available for pre-ordering the album on March 12, 2015 at 7:30 p.m. It was released in stores on physical disc as the B-side of the single Dead Inside, on May 12, 2015. It is the first physical single since 2010.
Rochdale is a city in the north-west of England, UK, with a population of 95,796, located along the River Roch, the main metropolitan area of ​​the metropolitan district of Rochdale, Greater Manchester Historically part of Lancashire, Rochdale established itself in the 19th century as a major weaving center: at the heart of the process that gave birth to the Industrial Revolution, it was one of the first industrialized cities in the world.
Cowansville is a town in the administrative region of Montérégie, Quebec, Canada. It is the capital of the regional county municipality of Brome-Missisquoi, on the banks of the Yamaska ​​River. The 2011 census counted 12,489 inhabitants.
Ken-Marti Vaher, born September 5, 1974 in Tallinn, is an Estonian politician member of the Union for the Fatherland and Res Publica. Appointed Minister of Justice of Estonia in 2003, he resigned two years later, after having been censured by the Riigikogu for its controversial anti-corruption program in public administration. He returned to government in 2011 as Minister of the Interior.
Attica is the region surrounding Athens.
Animals is the 15th single from the group Nickelback and the second from the All the Right Reasons album released in 2005.
Elizabeth Woolridge Grant, better known as Lana Del Rey, is an American singer-songwriter. She signed her first contract in 2007 with the 5 Points Records label, and released her first album Lana Del Ray AKA Lizzy Grant, in 2010. Her contract with 5 Points Records ended in April 2010. She signed a new contract with Interscope, Polydor, and Stranger Records in July 2011.
Frederick William IV of Prussia, King of Prussia from 1840 until his death. He is the eldest son and successor of Frederick William III and Louise of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.
Kumasi is one of the main cities of Ghana, and the capital of the Ashanti region. Its population in 2012 was 1,989,062 inhabitants. It is located in the center-south of the country, about 200 km by road from Accra. It is located near Lake Bosumtwi, in the humid forest region about 400 km northwest of Accra. Kumasi is approximately 480 km north of the equator and 160 km north of the Gulf of Guinea.
Sébastien Tellier, born February 22, 1975 in Plessis-Bouchard in Val-d'Oise, is a French electronic music artist, singer and actor. He sings in French, English, Spanish, German and Italian.
The Carthaginian civilization or Punic civilization is an ancient civilization located in the Mediterranean basin and at the origin of one of the greatest commercial and military powers of this region in Antiquity.Founded by Phoenicians on the shores of the Gulf of Tunis in 814 BC.
The Saint Catharines Saints are a professional American Hockey League ice hockey franchise that existed from 1982 to 1986.
Beromünster is a municipality in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland, located in the electoral district of Sursee.
Andrea Belluzzi, born March 23, 1968 in San Marino, is a San Marino lawyer and statesman, member of the Party of Socialists and Democrats. He is captain-regent of San Marino, with Roberto Venturini, from April 1 to October 1, 2015.
I Am Not a Human Being II is the 10th studio album by American rapper Lil Wayne released in 2013. The album entered No. 2 on the Billboard 200 with 217,000 copies sold. Three months after its release, the album was certified gold with 500,000 copies sold.
Mutter is a single from Rammstein released in 2001 before the release of the album of the same name. This song deals with the fate of a clone who never knew his mother and wants revenge on its creator and subsequently commits suicide. Rock portal Rock portal Music portal Music portal • Song section
Michael Lloyd Coats said Mike Coats is an American astronaut born January 16, 1946.
The Vienna Capitals are a professional ice hockey club from Austria, playing in the Austrian Ice Hockey Championship. Based in Vienna, the Capitals play their home matches at the Albert Schultz Eishalle.
Daniel E. "Danny" Williams is a Canadian businessman and politician. He was the 9th Prime Minister of Newfoundland and Labrador from November 6, 2003 to December 3, 2010. In 2007, he had a major argument with Stephen Harper over federal payments. On November 25, 2010 Williams announced that he would resign as prime minister on December 3, 2010. He has 4 children.
Cunegund of Slavonia, queen consort of Bohemia, daughter of despot Rostislav IV of Kiev and Anne of Hungary, princess of Chernigov, was regent of Bohemia from 1278 until her death.
Marta Gabriela Michetti, born May 28, 1965 in Laprida, is an Argentinian politician, member of the Republican Proposal. She is Vice-President of the Argentine Nation from December 10, 2015 to December 10, 2019.
SummerSlam 2007 is the twentieth SummerSlam, wrestling pay-per-view produced by World Wrestling Entertainment. First scheduled at Madison Square Garden in New York, it finally took place on August 26, 2007 at the Continental Airlines Arena in East Rutherford, New Jersey and featured wrestlers from each of the WWE brands: Raw, Smackdown and ECW.
Band on the Run is an album by Paul McCartney and the Wings released in 1973, considered one of his best achievements.
Saint-Marcel-de-Richelieu is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Maskoutains in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Montérégie.
Nicolas de Myre or Nicolas de Bari, commonly known as “Saint Nicolas” was born in Patara, Lycia, around the 260s and died in Myra in 345. He is a bishop of Myra in Lycia, Anatolia, the East of the Roman Empire. He is renowned for his charity and combative faith.
Jacksonville is a city located in Duval County, Florida, in the southeastern United States of America. It is located approximately 40 km south of the Georgia state line on the St Johns River. It was founded in 1791 under the name Cowford because it was a ford that allowed cattle to cross the stream.
The city of Santa Fe is the state capital of New Mexico, United States. Founded by the Spanish in 1607, Santa Fe is now the second largest urban area in New Mexico. An adobe-style city, Santa Fe is also a center of tourism and the arts. Many artists have settled there since the 1980s and housing prices have risen sharply in the city center. Almost half of the residents of Santa Fe are of Hispanic descent. At the time of the 2010 census, the locality had 67,947 inhabitants. In 2016, its population was estimated at 83,875 inhabitants.
Jacques Brel, born April 8, 1929 in Schaerbeek, and died October 9, 1978 in Bobigny, is a Belgian singer-songwriter, poet, actor and director.
The Brooklyn Nets are an NBA basketball franchise. The team is based in the borough of Brooklyn in New York.
Saint-Pie-de-Guire is a parish municipality in the regional county municipality of Drummond in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Center-du-Quebec. It is named in honor of Pope Pius I. Model: / Users / user / Desktop / Screenshot 2014-05-01 at 13.10.16.png
Justin Randall Timberlake is an American singer, songwriter, producer and actor, born January 31, 1981 in Memphis. He debuted in the American boy band NSYNC and won nine Grammy Awards as well as two Emmy Awards during his career. In 2002, he released his first solo album, Justified, which sold over 10 million copies worldwide.
Le Sud-Ouest is a borough of Montreal, adjacent to the southwest of downtown Montreal, hence its name.
The University of Gießen or Justus-Liebig University in Giessen, abbreviated JLU, founded in 1607, is one of the oldest universities in Germany, with 25,000 students.
Walter Thurnherr, born July 11, 1963 in Muri, is a Swiss diplomat and politician, member of the Christian Democratic Party. He has been Chancellor of the Confederation since January 1, 2016.
Exciter is the tenth studio album by the English group Depeche Mode, released in 2001. It is an album with a very digital, very "fluid" electro sound. Several tracks show the habit for this Depeche Mode album to decrease the low frequencies on Dave Gahan's voice in order to make the low notes more pronounced.
In September 2015, the deputies adopted the name of Parliament of Wallonia for the text of the parliamentary regulations and their communication.
Sympathy for the Devil is a Rolling Stones song written by Mick Jagger and released on the Beggars Banquet album on December 6, 1968.
Berg's cavalry is imposed as one of the most prestigious of the Grande Armée. Engaged since 1808 in Spain as a unit of the Imperial Guard, it had distinguished itself in many battles.
Rivière-éternité is a municipality of Quebec, part of the regional county municipality of Fjord-du-Saguenay, located in the administrative region of Saguenay – Lac-Saint-Jean.
Skarnes station is a Kongsvingerbanen railway station located in the municipality of Sør-Odal, it is the first station located in the County of Hedmark.
Jacques de Larosière de Champfeu, born November 12, 1929 in Paris, is a senior French civil servant.
Cinderella is a hard rock band formed in 1983 by singer / songwriter / guitarist Tom Keifer and bassist Eric Brittingham. Cinderella was discovered by Gene Simmons, the bassist of Kiss, but it was Jon Bon Jovi who allowed the group to sign with Derek Shulman on Polydor / Mercury. The group's first two albums sold three million copies each in the United States.
Alain Menu, born August 9, 1963 in Geneva, is a Swiss racing driver. He is one of the greatest touring car drivers of the 1990s, and won the British Touring Car Championship in 1997 and 2000. In 2014 he made a BTCC comeback in the Team BMR aboard team. of a Volkswagen Passat CC
Berthierville is a town located in the regional county municipality of D'Autray, in the administrative region of Lanaudière, Quebec, Canada. The municipality is a member of the Federation of Villages-Relais du Québec.
Mary Pickford, real name Gladys Louise Smith, is a Canadian actress, producer and businesswoman. Nicknamed "America's Little Bride," "Little Mary" or "The Girl with Curls", she captivated audiences with her youthful and offbeat grace in films like Poor Little Rich Girl or Little Lord Fauntleroy.
Christ Church, in Latin Ædes Christi is one of the largest and wealthiest colleges at the University of Oxford in the United Kingdom. It was built in 1525 by Cardinal Wolsey, then in 1532 by Henry VIII after Wolsey's disgrace. Its chapel is Christ Church Cathedral, seat of the Bishopric of Oxford.
Bolivia, in long form the Plurinational State of Bolivia, is a landlocked country in South America surrounded by Brazil to the northeast, Paraguay to the southeast, Argentina to the south, Chile to the southwest. and Peru to the west-northwest.
Oromocto is a town in Sunbury County, located in southern New Brunswick, Canada.
James Hansen Newman is an American astronaut born October 16, 1956.
Noah "Wuv" Bernardo Jr., born February 24, 1974, is the drummer and one of the founding members of the San Diego band, POD. According to an FAQ, he is of Filipino-American, Italian, German and Chamorro origin. He is also the second cousin of the group's singer, Sonny Sandoval and is friends with WWE superstar, Rey Mysterio. Recently it was announced that Wuv will be playing the drums for StillWell, a side-project of Fieldy, bassist for Korn.
Slependen Station is a train station for local traffic on the Drammen line, located in the village of Slependen, municipality of Bærum. It is 15.82 km from Oslo.
Ildikó Lendvai, born July 20, 1946 in Debrecen, is a Hungarian politician, MP for Budapest, leader of the Socialist group in the National Assembly between 2002 and 2009, president of the Hungarian Socialist Party between 2009 and 2010.
Prem Tinsulanonda is a former Thai general. He was Prime Minister of Thailand from 1980 to 1988. He is the current President of the Privy Council of Thailand. Thailand Portal Thailand Portal
Saint-Nazaire-de-Dorchester is a parish municipality in the regional county municipality of Bellechasse in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches. It is named in honor of Nazaire of Rome.
Louis-Hébert is a provincial electoral district of Quebec located in the Capitale-Nationale region.
The Austrian Freedom Party is an Austrian nationalist political party founded in 1955. Long led by Jörg Haider, since 2005 it has been chaired by Heinz-Christian Strache. In 2007, the party joined the Identity, Tradition, Sovereignty group in the European Parliament, which disappeared the same year.
Jean-Jack Queyranne, born November 2, 1945 in Lyon, is a French politician, president of the Rhône-Alpes regional council since April 2, 2004. He was re-elected President of the Rhône-Alpes regional council on March 28, 2010. He was re-elected deputy on June 17, 2007, in the 7th district of the Rhône. He is part of the socialist, radical, citizen and various left group. He was also a minister in the Lionel Jospin government and is part of Ségolène Royal's political council.
Vielsalm is a French-speaking commune in Belgium located in the Walloon Region in the province of Luxembourg, as well as a locality where its administration is located. The commune is part of the administrative district of Bastogne and has approximately 7,500 inhabitants.
For Those About to Rock We Salute You is AC / DC's 8th album, released in 1981.
Halland County is a Swedish county located in the southwest of the country, on the edge of Kattegat Bay. It is neighboring the counties of Västra Götaland, Jönköping, Kronoberg and Skåne.
Brian Leslie Howe is an Australian Labor politician born January 23, 1936 in Melbourne.
Arabic is a Semitic language now spoken as a first or second language by more than 220 million people in the Arab world and the Arab diaspora.The Arabic language originated in the Arabian Peninsula, where it became in the 7th century the language of the Koran and the liturgical language of Islam.
Black Hole Sun is a song by the American rock band Soundgarden. It is the seventh track of the album Superunknown, released in 1994. His single sold more than 3 million copies in the same year. Still playing often on the radio, it is certainly the band's most recognizable and well-known song, and is one of the greatest rock hits of the 1990s. In 1995, it won the Grammy Award for best hard rock performance.
Def Leppard is a British rock band from Sheffield, England who were particularly popular in the 1980s. The group is associated with the new wave of British heavy metal.
Phnom Penh Olympic Stadium is a stadium located in the Phnom Penh National Sports Complex in Cambodia. Built from 1962 to 1964, it is the largest sports arena in the country with 50,000 seats. Designed by Cambodian architect Vann Molyvann, the stadium is built on an earthen wall above a moat to receive rainwater.
Marie-Henriette of England, Princess Royal, born November 4, 1631 in London and died December 24, 1660 in the same city, is an English princess of the House of Stuart, daughter of King Charles I and Queen Henrietta-Marie d 'England. Through her mother, she is the granddaughter of King Henri IV and cousin of King Louis XIV.
Yoshinobu Tokugawa was the fifteenth and last shogun of the Tokugawa shogunate of Japan. He was part of a movement to reform the aging shogunate, but to no avail. After abdicating his powers to the Emperor in October 1867, he retired and retired from public life until his death.
Kōichi Wakata, is a Japanese astronaut born August 1, 1963 in Saitama, Japan. He is married and has one child, and graduated from Kyushu University.
AvtoVAZ is the leading Russian national automaker, far ahead of the second GAZ. Originally named VAZ, the company changed its current name in 1993.
Wängi is a municipality in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
El-Hadj Aliu Mahama is a Ghanaian politician, born March 3, 1946 in Yendi, Northern Region, and died November 16, 2012 in Accra, holds a degree in construction technology from Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology in Kumasi, he first worked at the Bolgatanga regional office in the Upper East Ghana Region as an engineer before founding his own construction and civil engineering company in 1982, LIDRA Limited. Aliu Mahama was an advisor from the district of Yendi municipality in 1978, municipal councilor of Tamale in 1990 then chairman of the Committee for the economic development of the twin towns of Tamale-Louisville.
Hilde Urbanie Julia Crevits, born in Torhout on June 28, 1967 is a Belgian Flemish politician, member of the CD&V. After a law degree at the University of Ghent, she became a lawyer in Bruges in 1990.
Maria Luisa Berti, born October 6, 1971 in San Marino, is a politician from San Marino, member of the Christian Democratic Party until 2006, and founder that year of the Noi Sammarinesi party. She is captain-regent of San Marino from April 1 to October 1, 2011 with Filippo Tamagnini.
Rodney Earl Slater, born February 23, 1955 in Marianna, is an American politician. A member of the Democratic Party, he was Secretary of Transport between 1997 and 2001 in the administration of President Bill Clinton.
La Rivière is a centrist Greek political party, La Rivière was founded in March 2014 by Mega TV journalist Stávros Theodorákis, with the ambition of running in the 2014 European elections, and being the center of the political chessboard, in a political landscape strongly polarized between left and right. The River is not a political party that can be characterized as left or right.
Coming Back to Life is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd, composed and written by David Gilmour. It is the eighth track on The Division Bell album, in 1994. It also appears on P · U · L · S · E as well as on David Gilmour in Concert.
Happy Xmas is both a protest song against the Vietnam War and a Christmas song, by John Lennon and Yoko Ono. It originates from an advertising campaign against the Vietnam War that the two spouses had launched in 1969 in several large cities around the world.
Saovabha Phongsri is a Queen of Thailand. Daughter of King Rama IV and Queen Piam Sucharitakul, she married her half-brother King Rama V. Two of their children were kings under the names of Rama VI and Rama VII. From 1897, she was Thailand's first female regent.
Zottegem is a Dutch-speaking city in Belgium located in the Flemish Region, in the province of East Flanders and the Denderstreek, on the Molenbeek and on the Molenbeek-Ter Erpenbeek.
Schlossrued is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Kulm.
Noville is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Aigle.
Eamon Gilmore is an Irish politician who has been a member of the Labor Party since 1999 and of which he was leader from 2007 until 4 July 2014. He is Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Foreign Affairs and Trade of Ireland, from March 9, 2011 to July 4, 2014.
Anousheh Ansari is an Iranian-American businesswoman born September 12, 1966 in Mashhad, Iran. She rose to fame in 2006 as the first female space tourist.
Lisa Jane Stansfield, better known as Lisa Stansfield, is a British R&B and soul singer who has also performed a lot of dance and disco remixes. Quite recently she started her activity as an actress.
Philip David Charles "Phil" Collins RVO, born January 30, 1951 in London, is a British musician, songwriter, drummer, singer and actor. It is the drummer then the singer of Genesis, English progressive rock group which knows a great success since its formation at the end of the years 1960. Originally only drummer of the group, it is following the departure of Peter Gabriel in 1975 that Phil Collins became the voice of Genesis.
Here is the list of presidents of the Dominican Republic.
Austro-Americans are the citizens of the United States who have ancestors originating in Austria. According to the 2000 census, there are 735,128 Americans who are wholly or in part of Austrian ancestry. The states with the largest population of Austro-Americans are New York, California, Pennsylvania, Florida, and New Jersey.
Benjamin Eric "Ben" Sasse, born February 22, 1972, is an American politician. He was elected senator from Nebraska in November 2014. Politics Portal Politics Portal United States Portal United States Portal Nebraska Portal Nebraska Portal
Soraya Arnelas, born Soraya Arnelas Rubiales on September 13, 1982 in Valencia de Alcántara in the province of Cáceres in the community of Extremadura, is a Spanish Latin-pop singer who was elected by TVE viewers to represent Spain at the 54th Eurovision Song Contest, which took place in Moscow. She finished in 24th position.
Asgard is a fictional kingdom in the Marvel Universe of the Marvel comics. Like ásgard, the city of the Aesir gods in Norse mythology, Asgard is based on the Yggdrasil world tree which has 9 worlds over 5 levels. This is where the Scandinavian gods of the Marvel pantheon dwell.
Veurne is a Dutch-speaking city in Belgium located in the Flemish Region in the province of West Flanders.
Sainte-Angèle-de-Prémont is a municipality of Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Maskinongé and the administrative region of Mauricie. It is named in honor of Angèle Mérici; the name Prémont reminds us that the municipality is located at the foot of the Laurentians.
Lamborghini is an automobile manufacturer, formerly a manufacturer of agricultural tractors, based in Sant'Agata Bolognese in Italy. Founded in 1951 by industrialist Ferruccio Lamborghini, the company aims to meet a growing demand for agricultural tractors in Italy.
Saoud ben Abdelaziz Al Saoud, son of Abdelaziz ben Abderrahman Al Saoud, the founder of the Saudi dynasty, and of Wadhba, was king of Saudi Arabia from 1953 to 1964.
This Is Love is a song by Hikaru Utada, released as a "digital single" in 2006.
The Almaty Oblys is the most populous of the administrative regions of Kazakhstan. Its administrative center is the town of Taldykourgan.
Celal Bayar, born May 15, 1883 in Umurbey in the district of Gemlik and died August 22, 1986 in Istanbul, was the third President of Turkey and leader of the Demokrat Party or DP.
The 2005 International Specialized Exhibition was held in Aichi in the Eastern Hills of Nagoya from March 25 to September 25, 2005. The theme of the exhibition was “The Wisdom of Nature”.
Klosters-Serneus is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Graubünden, whose official name was Klosters before 1973. It is located in the district of Prättigau / Davos belonging to the canton of Graubünden.
Bargain is a song by the British group The Who, released on the 1971 album Who's Next. This song was recorded in New York in April and June 1971. Live versions of Bargain can be found in Who's Missing and the Deluxe edition of Who's Next.
La Baroche is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Jura, in the district of Porrentruy.
The equestrian order of the Holy Sepulcher of Jerusalem is an order of religious chivalry, reorganized in 1847. It is an association of Catholic faithful recognized by the Holy See, and which works to help the Christian community installed in the Holy Land today hui territory of Israel, Palestine, Jordan and Cyprus. Its motto is Deus lo vult, which translates into French as God willing.
Chamber or Decibel is a fictional character, superhero belonging to the universe of Marvel Comics. Created by Scott Lobdell and Chris Bachalo, it first appeared in the Generation X # 1 comic book, in November 1994.
Harris County is a county located in the southeastern state of Texas in the United States. The county seat is Houston. According to the 2011 census, its population is 4,200,000. The county has an area of ​​4,604 km2, of which 4,478 km2 is land.
The South is a statistical region with a subtropical climate in Brazil. This region receives a lot of precipitation in winter and has a hot summer. Its economy is based on breeding, agriculture and tourism. The main cities, in terms of number of inhabitants, are Curitiba, Porto Alegre, Londrina, Joinville, Caxias do Sul and Florianópolis.
Kevin Patrick Shields, born May 21, 1963 in New York, is a singer, guitarist and producer who founded the Irish group My Bloody Valentine at the end of the 1980s, group reformed in November 2007 after 15 years of absence.
The USSR Football Championship was an annual football competition bringing together clubs from the Soviet Union. This competition took place for nearly 60 years with an ever-growing enthusiasm among the Soviet population. Only the Kyrgyz, Turkmen and Karelian-Finnish clubs have never managed to climb to the first division.
Montauban is a French commune, capital of the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Midi-Pyrénées region. Montauban is the most populous commune of Tarn-et-Garonne. At the last census in 2012, the town had 56,887 inhabitants, called the Montalbanais.
Renfrewshire is one of the thirty-two council areas and a lieutenant area of ​​Scotland.
Yolande d'Aragon or Violante d'Aragon was Infanta of Aragon and Queen of Castile as the wife of Alfonso X the Wise. She was the daughter of Jacques I the Conqueror and his second wife, Yolande of Hungary.
Spiders is a single and a song by the American rock group System of a Down, taken from the homonymous album System of a Down was released on June 30, 1998. It is track 5 of the album, it is 3 minutes long and 36 seconds. Metal portal Metal portal Music portal Music portal • Song section
The Celtic Sea is the name of the part of the Atlantic Ocean which borders the south of Ireland, the two southwestern tips of Great Britain and the west coast of Britain.
Victor Thorn, born in Esch-sur-Alzette on January 31, 1844 and died in Luxembourg on September 15, 1930, is a Luxembourg politician and lawyer.
TVXQ or DBSK, or Tohoshinki in Japanese, literally The Gods of the East Rising, is a South Korean boy band. Originally the group was founded in 2003, and consisted of 5 members playing K-pop mixed with RnB vibes. And their official fanclub name is Cassiopeia. They hold the title Les Rois De La K-pop in 2006.
Birrhard is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Brugg.
Vegalta Sendai is a Japanese football club based in Sendai in Miyagi Prefecture. The club plays in the first division .Vegalta is the name formed by the union of two celestial stars, Véga and Altaïr.
Saint-Armand is a municipality of Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of Brome-Missisquoi, in the administrative region of Montérégie. The new municipality of Saint-Armand was created on February 3, 1999.
Roxbury is a neighborhood in Boston, Massachusetts, United States. Founded in 1630, until 1868 Roxbury was a separate city, which includes today's neighborhoods of Jamaica Plain, West Roxbury, Mission Hill and much of Beck Bay. Roxbury was born missionary Ellen Maria Stone.
Ahmed Réda Chami, born May 16, 1961 in Casablanca, is a Moroccan engineer and politician affiliated with the Socialist Union of Popular Forces. He was Minister of Industry, Trade and New Technologies in the Abbas El Fassi government between 2007 and 2012.
The house of Lusignan is a noble poitevin dynasty originating in Limousin, attested since the 10th century and which gave the counts of Marche, counts of Angoulême, kings of Jerusalem then of Cyprus and Armenia. of the fairy Mélusine and her husband Raymondin.
Lockdown 2009 is a wrestling pay-per-view organized by the Federation Total Nonstop Action Wrestling which took place on April 19, 2009 in Philadelphia. Like every year, almost all of the matches were Six Sides of Steel cage match. .
Harry Gordon Lawrence was a South African politician, member of the South African Party, the United Party and then the Progressive Party, MP who served as Minister of Labor, Home Affairs, Public Health, Social Affairs, Demobilization and justice in the governments of James Barry Hertzog and Jan Smuts.
The Thin Ice is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. It was written by Roger Waters and appears on their album The Wall released in 1979. In the film adaptation of the album, The Wall, the images associated with this song are on the one hand, thousands of men at the war, either wounded or dead, then a scene with Pink, the hero, bathing in the pool of her hotel room.
Kizuna is Aya Ueto's 2nd single released under the Pony Canyon label on November 7, 2002 in Japan. He reached 5th place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 32,250 copies in the first week, and remained ranked for 11 weeks, for a total of 57,340 copies sold. Kizuna was used as an ad campaign for BANDAI's Karaoke Station. Kizuna can be found on the AYAUETO album and on the Best of Aya Ueto: Single Collection compilation.
The Eagle is a constellation located roughly on the celestial equator. Easily recognizable and endowed with rather bright stars, it was listed by Aratus de Soles, then by Ptolemy from the 2nd century.
The Turkish Basketball Championship, officially Beko Basketbol Ligi, after the name of its sponsor, is a basketball competition which represents the top of the basketball hierarchy in Turkey. The second Turkish division is TB2L. The Turkish basketball championship has existed since 1966. This championship brings together the sixteen best Turkish teams.
Hulst is a municipality in the province of Zeeland in the Netherlands.
Happy Magic ~ Smile Project ~ is Aya Ueto's 5th album, released under the Pony Canyon label on July 15, 2009 in Japan. He reached 20th place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 7,648 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 5 weeks, for a total of 11,345 copies sold. It is released in CD and CD + DVD and CD + DVD + Photobook format.
Westmorland County is located in southeastern New Brunswick, Canada.
Theodore JAM Lefèvre was a Belgian politician, born January 17, 1914 in Ghent and died September 18, 1973 in Woluwe-Saint-Lambert.
Schwarzenberg is a municipality in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland, located in the electoral district of Lucerne-countryside.
Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyane, better known as Sheikh Khalifa is the Emir of Abu Dhabi and the President of the United Arab Emirates, and is the owner of several football clubs around the world through his holding City Football Group.
Ain't My Bitch is the first song on Metallica's Load album. She debuted on the US Mainstream Rock charts at the fifteenth position. Rock portal Rock portal Music portal Music portal • Song section
Last Child is a song by the American hard rock band Aerosmith. This is the first single from the Rocks album released on May 27, 1976.
Black metal is an extreme musical subgenre of heavy metal, having emerged in Europe in the mid-1980s, and developed in Scandinavian countries, notably Norway, in the early 1990s.
Third Album is the third album by The Jackson 5, released on the Motown label on September 8, 1970.
Bayonne is an American city in the state of New Jersey, located in Hudson County formed by the Bergen Neck Peninsula. In the 2000 census, the city was populated by 61,842 inhabitants. Total area: 29.1 km2. Density: 1,839.7 inhabitants / km2. The town takes its name from the Basque town of Bayonne. Legend has it that French Huguenots settled here before the founding of New Amsterdam.
Frederick II was margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach from 1486 to 1515 and margrave of Brandenburg-Kulmbach from 1495 to 1515.
Torsteinn Pálsson, born October 29, 1947 in Selfoss, is an Icelandic politician, was Prime Minister of the Republic of Iceland from July 8, 1987 until September 28, 1988. politics Politics portal
Hiroshima is a prefecture of Japan located in the southwest of the island of Honshū. Its main city is Hiroshima. The prefecture's territory encompasses many small islands on the Seto Inland Sea.
Lac-Saint-Joseph is a city of Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of La Jacques-Cartier, in the administrative region of the Capitale-Nationale. Its name comes from that of the lake that it borders to the east, north and west.
The War of the Quadruple-Alliance is a minor European military conflict that took place between 1718 and 1720 mainly in Italy, between the Kingdom of Spain on one side, and the Quadruple-Alliance of the Archduchy of Austria, of the Kingdom of France, of the Kingdom of Great Britain, and of the United Provinces.
Athletics is a sport that includes a set of disciplines grouped into races, jumps, throws, combined events and walking. The origin of the word athletics comes from the Greek athletos, meaning combat. It is the art of surpassing the performance of opponents in speed or endurance, distance or height. The number of events, individual or team, has varied with time and mentalities.
Saint-Edmond-les-Plaines is a municipality of Quebec,, part of the regional county municipality of Maria-Chapdelaine, located in the administrative region of Saguenay – Lac-Saint-Jean.
The Order of Saint-Benedict, better known as the Order of the Benedictines, is a federation of monasteries that have, throughout their history, adopted the rule of Saint Benedict. Thus Saint Benedict of Nursia is considered to be its founder. It is not the oldest Order in the Christian West.
Team Haas USA Ltd, also known as FORCE was an Anglo-American Formula 1 team, present in the world championship during the 1985 and 1986 seasons.
Sarah Michelle Gellar-Prinze, is an American actress and producer, born April 14, 1977 in New York City, after being discovered by her agent at a local New York restaurant, she appeared in the TV movie An Invasion of Privacy which leads her to appear in an episode of Spenser. She then got the role of Kendall Hart in the soap opera The Force of Destiny.
Nouri Bousahmein, is a Libyan politician. He was elected president of the General National Congress on June 25, 2013.
Around the World is a track by the French electronic music group Daft Punk. Appeared on the duo's debut album, Homework, in 1997, it was the subject of a single the same year. She subsequently enjoyed great success in clubs around the world, arriving at the first place in some rankings. Around the World is known for the repetition of its title during the song, as well as for its offbeat music video directed by Michel Gondry.
Saint-Léonard is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Valais, located in the district of Sierre.
Fritz Neumayer, born July 29, 1884 in Kaiserslautern and died April 12, 1973 in Munich, was originally a German politician and member of the Liberal Democratic Party and was appointed Minister of Economy and Transport of Rhineland-Palatinate in 1947. but resigned the following year. Elected to the Bundestag in 1949, he became Federal Minister for Housing in Konrad Adenauer's black-yellow coalition in 1952. A year later, he was chosen as Federal Minister of Justice.
Saint-Siméon is a parish municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of Bonaventure in Gaspésie – Îles-de-la-Madeleine. It is named in honor of Simeon I of Jerusalem. The 2006 census counted 1,174 inhabitants there, 3.1% less than in 2001. Saint-Simeon is on the edge of the Baie des Chaleurs.
Scars is the second single from the album Getting Away With Murder by Californian alternative rock band Papa Roach; it was released on May 23, 2005, a year after the album. It's a much sweeter song than anything the band has produced so far.
The Kres ť anskodemokratick e hnutie is a Slovak political party, member of the European People's Party ed in.
Sainte-Victoire-de-Sorel is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of Pierre-De Saurel in Montérégie. Agriculture is the main activity of the Victoirians.
Théodor "Theo" Waigel, born April 22, 1939 in Ursberg, in the region of Swabia, is a German politician belonging to the Christian Social Union in Bavaria. He was notably Federal Minister of Finance and President of the CSU.
North Ayrshire is one of the 32 administrative divisions of Scotland. It represents a large part of the old county of Ayrshire.
Carmarthenshire is a county in south Wales, whose capital is Carmarthen.
Blanc-Sablon is the easternmost municipality in Quebec. It is located on the border of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, in the regional county municipality of Gulf of St. Lawrence, Canada.
éléonore d'Anjou, was queen consort of Sicily, daughter of Charles II of Anjou, king of Naples, and of Marie of Hungary, and the wife of Philippe de Toucy then of Frederick II, king of Sicily.
The Furnace is an extremely dim constellation in the southern hemisphere.
Grancy is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
Dame Calliopa Pearlette Louisy GCMG, GCSL, DSTJ, LL.D born June 8, 1946 in Laborie is a Saint Lucian politician, Governor General of Saint Lucia since 1997, representative of Queen Elisabeth II, Head of State in She is the first woman to hold this office, for which she was sworn in on September 19, 1997.
The University of Bergen is located in Bergen, Norway.
Alfonso II of Aragon, born in 1448, died in 1495, King of Naples, son of Ferdinand I, King of Naples, and of Isabel of Chiaramonte. King Charles VIII of France, heir to René I of Naples, claimed the kingdom of Naples that Alfonso V of Aragon, the grandfather of Alfonso II, had conquered from René I. Called by the wish of most of the Neapolitans, Charles VIII invaded the kingdom of Naples. Alfonso, abandoned by Doria, his allies, and badly seconded by his subjects whose sympathy he had alienated from his vices, abdicated in February 1495 in favor of his son Ferdinand II.
Emmanuel Macron, born December 21, 1977 in Amiens, is a French investment banker, senior official and politician. Inspector General of Finance, he was an investment banker at Rothschild & Cie before being appointed Deputy Secretary General of the Presidency of the Republic to François Hollande from May 2012 to June 2014.
The Danish Football Federation is an association of Danish football clubs and organizes national competitions and international matches of the Danish national team.The Danish national federation was founded in 1889.
Edward VI was King of England and Ireland from 1547 until his death.
The Peter and Paul Cathedral is a Russian Orthodox cathedral located in the Peter and Paul Fortress in Saint Petersburg, Russia. It was built to become the necropolis of the Russian imperial family of the Romanovs.
Clyde Football Club is a Scottish football club founded in Glasgow in 1878 and based in Cumbernauld since 1994.
Steve Konowalchuk is an American professional ice hockey player.
Fausto Bertinotti, born March 22, 1940 in Milan, is an Italian politician, member of the Communist Refoundation Party, figure of the Italian left and president of the Chamber of Deputies from 2006 to 2008, during the 15th legislature of the Parliament of the Italian Republic.
Saint-édouard-de-Maskinongé is a municipality of Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Maskinongé and the administrative region of Mauricie.
Charles Moss Duke said Charlie Duke is an American astronaut born October 3, 1935. He is to date the tenth man, but also the youngest, to have walked on the Moon.
Dresden is a city-district in Germany, the capital and most populous city of Saxony. It is located in the Dresden Basin, between the upper and middle parts of the Elbe and the North German Plain, and in 2013 it had 530,754 inhabitants.
The Martin-Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg is a German university located in Halle and Wittenberg, in the Land of Saxony-Anhalt. The idea of ​​founding the University of Halle came from Albert, Archbishop of Magdeburg, at the beginning 17th century, but it was only in 1694 that the Elector of Brandenburg, Frederick III founded it.
Saint-Noël is a village in the regional county municipality of La Matapédia in Quebec located in the administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent and the tourist region of Gaspésie. The municipality has nearly 500 inhabitants.
Lauren Bennett, born June 23, 1989 in Meopham, Kent County, is a British singer. Since 2012, it has been part of the GRL group.
The Chesapeake Bay is the largest estuary in the United States. This one is on the east coast and overlooks the Atlantic Ocean. It was the scene of a battle which bears his name, on September 5, 1781, a decisive battle whose importance is unknown.
Lac-Boisbouscache is an unorganized territory of the province of Quebec, Canada, in the regional county municipality of Les Basques in Bas-Saint-Laurent.
Diocletian, by his full name Caius Aurelius Valerius Diocletianus Augustus, was a Roman emperor who reigned from November 20, 284 to May 1, 305. Born into a modest family in Dalmatia, Diocletian rose through the ranks of the army to become commander of the cavalry of Emperor Carus. After the death of Carus and his son Numérien during the campaign in Persia, he was proclaimed emperor.
Chad, in long form the republic of Chad, is a country in central Africa, without access to the sea, bordering Libya in the north, Niger in the west, Nigeria in the west-southwest, from Cameroon to the south-southwest, the Central African Republic to the south and Sudan to the east. Geographically and culturally, Chad constitutes a crossing point between North Africa and sub-Saharan Africa. Covering an area of ​​1,284,000 km2, it is the fifth largest country in Africa, behind Sudan and Libya. Its capital and largest city is N'Djaména, which from 1900 to 1973 was called "Fort-Lamy".
SC Freiburg is a German football club based in Freiburg im Breisgau The club, which has played for a long time between Germany's top two divisions, participates in the Bundesliga, the elite of German football, following its promotion in 2009 Since 1954 he has been the resident of the Mage Solar Stadion.
Port Vale Football Club is an English football club founded in 1876 and based in Burslem, Stoke-on-Trent. The club has been playing in Football League One since the 2013-2014 season. Singer Robbie Williams is its most famous supporter. He became a shareholder of the club in February 2006.
Maxime Carlot or Maxime Carlot Korman, born in 1941, is a Vanuatu politician. He held various ministerial positions, including those of Prime Minister from December 16, 1991 to December 16, 1995 and from February 23, 1996 to September 29, 1996, and Member of Parliament, which he chaired four times, notably during the three first years of Parliament and from June 19, 2009 to August 2011 ,.
CNN en Español is the version of the American channel CNN which is broadcast in Spanish 24 hours a day from Atlanta, where CNN is headquartered. The channel was launched on March 17, 1997.
Claro is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Ticino, located in the Riviera district.
The German Cross,, is a German military decoration of the Third Reich. It was created on September 28, 1941. In 1944 an additional class was created, the German cross in gold with brilliants, of which a few copies were made, but which was never awarded.
Arni is a municipality in the canton of Berne in Switzerland, located in the administrative district of Berne-Mittelland.
Valentinian III, born July 2, 419 in Ravenna, died March 16, 455 in Rome, is Roman Emperor of the West from 424 to 455.
Bellmund, is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Bern, located in the administrative district of Biel.
The University of Oregon is a public university in the state of Oregon in the United States. The campus is located in Eugene. In sports, the Oregon Ducks champion the colors of the University of Oregon.
The 17th FIFA World Cup took place from May 31 to June 30, 2002 in South Korea and Japan. They are the first Asian hosts of the competition. For the first time, the International Federation of Association Football had entrusted the organization to two countries.
Adligenswil is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Lucerne, located in the electoral district of Lucerne-countryside.
Kristján Eldjárn was the third President of the Republic of Iceland from 1968 to 1980. After studying archeology, Kristján Eldjárn became a researcher in this field before becoming director of the National Museum. In 1968 he ran for President of the Republic against Ambassador Gunnar Thoroddsen who enjoyed a popularity rating in the polls of 70%. Eldjárn is however elected with 65.6% of the votes and a participation of 92.2%.
L'Ange-Gardien is a Quebec municipality located in the MRC of La Côte-de-Beaupré in the Capitale-Nationale region and is accessible by route 138.
Edwin Mah Lee, born May 5, 1952 in Seattle, is an American politician, member of the Democratic Party, 43rd mayor of San Francisco since 2011.
Meltingen is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Solothurn, located in the district of Thierstein.
Madison Square Garden is a sports hall located in the borough of Manhattan in New York. The building is controlled by the company of the same name, Madison Square Garden, LP, a subsidiary of Cablevision which owns several professional sports franchises playing at the Garden. In history, there have been four buildings constituting Madison Square Garden.
Mechanical Animals is the third studio album by the group Marilyn Manson released on September 14, 1998 under the Nothing Records label. Musically the album is more melodic than the previous ones and is influenced by 1970s glam rock, the album sold very well after its release, despite the controversy it sold almost as well as Antichrist Superstar.
The Dabwaihids are dynasts of Persian origin, Zoroastrians, who after the conquest of the Sassanid Empire by the Muslims maintain their independence in Gilan, Tabaristan and part of Khorasan.The Dabwaihids like their neighbors to the east, the Bawandids of Mazandéran claimed Sassanid ancestry as descendants of a "Great King" in this case Zamasp.
GP Putnam's Sons is an American publishing house, headquartered in New York, founded in 1838 by George Palmer Putnam and John Wiley, under the name of Wiley & Putnam.
The Federal Ministry of Education and Research, or Federal Ministry of Training and Research, is the German Federal Government's ministry responsible for funding scientific research and the general regulation of the education system, which remains largely a competence of the cooperating Länder through the Standing Conference of Ministers of Education of the Länder, which has been chaired since 13 February 2013 by the Christian Democrat Johanna Wanka.
Abelardo Luján Rodríguez born May 12, 1889 in Sonora, Mexico and died February 3, 1967 in California, United States. He was President of Mexico between 1932 and 1934.
Saad Hariri, born April 18, 1970 in Riyadh, is a Lebanese politician, he was appointed President of the Council of Ministers on September 16, 2009 and ends his mandate on January 12, 2011 following the resignation of 11 ministers from the camp March 8, ie one-third plus one of the total number of ministers in his government.
Ali Zeidan, born December 15, 1950 in Ueddan, is a Libyan politician, Prime Minister from November 14, 2012 to March 11, 2014.
Real Murcia Club de Fútbol is a Spanish football club based in the city of Murcia in the region of Murcia. The team are currently playing in La Liga Adelante, having played a total of 18 in the First Division and 52 in the Second Division, making them the club with the most appearances there and most often champions there. , and, with the Malaga Football Club, has obtained the climb for the First Division the most times.
Call Me Maybe, is a song by Canadian singer Carly Rae Jepsen from her maxi Curiosity, released in 2012. The song was released as the maxi's 1st single on September 20, 2011. It was written by Carly Rae Jepsen, Josh Ramsay, Tavish Crowe.
Soldier of Love is a single from the English band Sade. It premiered on December 8, 2009 and was released digitally on iTunes on January 12, 2010. It is also the band's first new record in nearly ten years preceding their highly anticipated sixth studio album of the same name which was released. worldwide on Feb. 8, 2010. The song reached No. 1 on the Billboard Adult R'n'B.
John Atta Mills, born July 21, 1944 in Tarkwa and died July 24, 20121 in Accra, is a Ghanaian statesman, President of the Republic from January 7, 2009 until his death.
Guilty as Charged is a former wrestling pay-per-view run by Extreme Championship Wrestling. The 2001 edition was ECW's last PPV before it closed.
Joseph Adam Jonas, better known as Joe Jonas, is an American singer, musician and actor, born August 15, 1989 in Casa Grande, Arizona, United States. He is one of the singers of the group Jonas Brothers, which he composes with his two brothers Kevin Jonas and Nick Jonas.
Guinea Listen, in long form the Republic of Guinea, is a country in West Africa. Rich in natural resources, it is nicknamed the water tower of West Africa, and has a third of the world's bauxite reserves, it is nicknamed the "geological scandal". It gained independence from France on October 2, 1958, making it the first country in French sub-Saharan Africa to do so.
Killer Queen is a song by the group Queen which appeared on the album Sheer Heart Attack, released in November 1974. Song written and composed by Freddie Mercury, it was a huge success when it was released on 45 rpm, taking second place on the UK charts on October 11, 1974. This title is one of the triggers of the group's career, after a first album which did not sell much and a second which, for its part, achieved commercial success with the song Seven Seas of Rhye, the first success of the band. group.
Blacksmith Records is a record label created by the American rapper Talib Kweli. The first artists signed are the singer Jean Grae and the group Strong Arm Steady. In 2006, the label released Blacksmith: The Movement, album-mixtape to present the signatures of the label.
The Snake or more commonly the Snake River is an American river, which flows in the northwest of the country. Its name means "serpent" in English; it probably derived from an "S" shaped sign that the Shoshone Native Americans made with their hands to mimic swimming salmon. The Snake River is 1,670 km in length and is the longest tributary of the Columbia River.
Erg Ferradj is a municipality in the wilaya of Bechar in Algeria.
Saint-Malachie is a parish municipality in the regional county municipality of Bellechasse in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches. It is named in honor of Malachi of Armagh, the first Irish saint, thus reflecting the ethnic origin of the Irish settlers who founded this parish. Before the canonical erection of the parish of St-Malachie, this village was known under the name of East Frampton.
Wait and Bleed is a song by heavy metal band Slipknot, taken from their namesake album, released in 1999. The song was reissued with the presence of clearer vocals, released as a single in July 1999, and reached # 34 on the charts Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks from Billboard.
Jennifer Garner, is an American actress, born April 17, 1972 in Houston, Texas. She was long associated with the character of Sydney Bristow, the CIA secret agent, whom she played in the series Alias. In the movies, her most notable roles are, among others, 30 Years or Nothing, Juno, The Kingdom and Dallas Buyers Club.
The Virginia Cavaliers are a varsity sports club at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville. Cavaliers teams participate in university competitions organized by the National Collegiate Athletic Association. Virginia is part of the Atlantic Coast Conference division. The team mascot has been a rider since 1963.
Dürrenäsch is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Kulm.
Wikon is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Lucerne, located in the electoral district of Willisau.
The Botswana Democratic Party has been a conservative, nationalist and pro-independence party of Botswana since its inception in 1962. It is currently chaired by Daniel Kwelagobe.The BDP was founded by Sir Seretse Khama, who was famous for making economic and political success from Botswana.
Manners Sutton Parish is both a civil parish and a Canadian local service district in York County, New Brunswick.
Daniel Breton is a Quebec politician. He was for a long time an activist of the Quebec environmentalist movement. He was the PQ member for Sainte-Marie – Saint-Jacques in the National Assembly from 2012 to 2014. During his mandate he was very briefly Minister of Sustainable Development, Environment, Wildlife and Parks from September 2012 to November 2012.
The Used was the debut album by American alternative rock band The Used, released on June 25, 2002.
Louis VI, known as "the Fat" or "the Battler", born December 1, 1081 in Paris, died August 1, 1137 at the royal castle of Béthisy-Saint-Pierre. King of the Franks from July 1108 to 1137, he was the fifth king of the so-called direct Capetian dynasty.
The University of Latvia is the largest university in Latvia.
Puidoux is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Lavaux-Oron.
Get Up is a song by American singer Ciara from her second studio album, titled Ciara: The Evolution. The track was released as the album's first single on July 25, 2006.
John Howard Casper is an American astronaut born July 9, 1943.
The Special Military School of Saint-Cyr is a French higher education military school which trains officers of the Army and some of the officers of the National Gendarmerie.
Your Latest Trick is a rock track composed by Mark Knopfler during the days of his band Dire Straits in 1985, and originally released on the Brothers in Arms album. The saxophone solo is played by Michael Brecker in the studio version and Chris White in the live version, and was also released on the live album On the Night and the live EP Encores.
Saint-Venant-de-Paquette is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of Coaticook in Estrie.
Brewster Hopkinson Shaw Jr. is an American astronaut born May 16, 1945.
Jarmo Kekäläinen is a professional Finnish ice hockey player turned coach and manager. He is evolving as an attacker.
Glen Morgan is an American producer, screenwriter, director and actor born in El Cajon, California. He has also participated as a screenwriter and producer in several American television series such as The X-Files or MillenniuM, two series created by Chris Carter. Most of the time, Glen Morgan is associated with director, screenwriter and producer James Wong. Her brother Darin Morgan has also been involved in writing some episodes of The X-Files.
Lexington is a city located in the state of Kentucky, United States. Considered the 'Horse Capital of the World', the city is located in the Bluegrass region, famous for its popular music and pastures. Downtown Lexington is home to the main campus of the University of Kentucky. According to the last federal census, Lexington has 295,803 inhabitants within a metropolitan area of ​​472,099 inhabitants.
Plaid Cymru is a Welsh nationalist party.
Dunfermline, is a Scottish town located in the council area and lieutenancy of Fife. From 1975 to 1996 it was the administrative capital of the district of Dunfermline, within the region of Fife. The city has long been an industrial center which owes its prosperity to coal mines and linen weaving. Today, modern industries have taken over.
Sainte-Ode is a French-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Walloon region in the province of Luxembourg. It is located on the western Haute-Ourthe, between Saint-Hubert and Bastogne.
George Washington University is a private university located in Washington. Founded on February 9, 1821 under the name of "Columbian College" on land donated by George Washington, it is today one of the oldest universities in the United States. Its campus, in the historic Foggy Bottom district, is located a few blocks from the White House and the National Mall.
We the Robots is a collection of thirty-three science fiction short stories by Isaac Asimov, first published in 1982 in the United States. The French version includes two additional short stories, which had not been written by Isaac Asimov at the time of publication in the United States. This collection can be found in its entirety in Le Grand Livre des robots, published in 1990.
To Live & Die in LA is a song by Tupac Shakur featuring Val Young. This is the second single from the album The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory.
Back in the USSR is a song by the British band The Beatles. Entirely written by Paul McCartney but credited to Lennon / McCartney, it opens the album The Beatles, released in November 1968.
Mohammed ben Rachid Al Maktoum is an Emirati politician, current Emir of Dubai but he is also the Vice President and Minister of Defense of the United Arab Emirates. He is the third son of Sheikh Rashid ben Saeed Al Maktoum. As Emir of Dubai, he succeeded his brother Maktoum ben Rachid Al Maktoum on January 5, 2006.
The Greensboro Monarchs are a former professional ice hockey franchise in North America that evolved into ECHL. The team was based in Greensboro, North Carolina.
Ž arko Obradovi ć is a Serbian politician. He is vice-pr ed president of the Socialist Party of Serbia.
STS-134 is the twenty-fifth and final mission of Space Shuttle Endeavor to the International Space Station whose launch, initially scheduled for April 29, 2011, took place at 8:56 a.m. local time on May 16, 2011. 'penultimate of a space shuttle and aims to transport the ExPRESS Logistics Carrier 3 and the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer, a fundamental physics experiment that could detect dark matter in the Universe, and which has been installed On the ISS To celebrate Endeavor's last flight, NASA has made it possible for any Internet user to send a photo of themselves to space.
English Derby is a British town which once depended on Derbyshire, but which has been a separate administrative entity since 1997, and is part of the Unitarian Authority of Derby. Its population is estimated at 233,000 inhabitants.
The Prime Minister of Queensland is the head of government of the State of Queensland in Australia. By convention, the Prime Minister is the leader of the party with the majority in the Legislative Assembly of Queensland. Appointed by the Governor of Queensland.The current Prime Minister is Campbell Newman of the Queensland National Liberal Party who took office on March 26, 2012 following his party's victory in the Queensland State Election in 2012.
Princess Anne-Catherine of Brandenburg, born June 26, 1575 in Halle and died April 8, 1612 in Copenhagen, was a Princess of Brandenburg who became Queen Consort of Denmark-Norway by marrying King Christian IV of Denmark.
The Atlanta Flames are a North American ice hockey franchise. The team played in the National Hockey League between 1972 and 1980. The club moved to Calgary at the start of the 1980-1981 season to become the Calgary Flames.
Tuula Irmeli Haatainen, born February 11, 1960 in Tuusniemi, is a Finnish politician, member of the Social Democratic Party of Finland.
The district of Upper Bavaria is one of the seven German constituencies of the Land of Bavaria.The capital of Upper Bavaria is Munich.
Vegårshei Station is a Norwegian railway station located in the municipality of Vegårshei. It is 261.51 km from Oslo. It was commissioned in 1935 when the Sørlandsbanen was completed to Nelaug. The station has bus connections to Tvedestrand.
Come On Over Baby is the third single from American singer Christina Aguilera, taken from her debut album, Christina Aguilera. The single reached # 1 on the Billboard Hot 100, this is his third # 1 on the Hot 100. The song is written by Christina Aguilera, Paul Rein, Johan Aberg, Celebrity Status. Blackmon, R. Cham, E.
Sylvester Stallone is an American actor, director, screenwriter and film producer born July 6, 1946 in New York City, famous for his roles in the films Rocky and Rambo, which to this day remain benchmarks in action cinema. .
Cebu is a city of the Philippines on the island of the same name, and also of the province of which it is the capital. It is also the capital of the Central Visayas region. The metropolitan area of ​​Cebu exceeds two million inhabitants, making it the second most populous city in the country after Manila. Cebu is also the oldest city in the Philippines and it was the first place of colonization of the Spaniards in the archipelago.
Flers is a French commune, located in the department of Orne in the Lower Normandy region, populated by 14,968 inhabitants.
Hissène Habré, born August 13, 1942 in Faya-Largeau, is a Chadian statesman, member of the Gorane or Toubou ethnic group and of the Anakaza clan.He was President of the Republic of Chad from 1982 to 1990 following the coup that overthrows Goukouni Oueddei. He governed as a dictator. Sentenced to death in absentia for crimes against humanity by a court in Ndjamena, he is currently a refugee in Senegal and charged with crimes against humanity, war crimes and acts of torture.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic was one of the fifteen member socialist republics of the Soviet Union.
Dietwil is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Muri.
Differdange is a city in the southwest of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the capital of the municipality bearing the same name. Located in the canton of Esch-sur-Alzette and the district of Luxembourg, it has around 23,500 inhabitants, making it the 3rd largest city in Luxembourg.
One More Chance is a song by Michael Jackson that appears as an unreleased track on the Number Ones album. The song was the subject of a 2003 single released on November 20, 2003.
Stade Francis-Le-Basser is the main stadium in Laval, France. Stade Lavallois, the city's professional football club, is its priority resident club.
The Cincinnati Gardens is a multi-sports hall located in Cincinnati, Ohio. It has a capacity of 10,208 places. Built in 1949, it was the home of the Cincinnati Royals' NBA team from 1957 to 1972.
Edinburgh is a city on the east coast of Scotland in the United Kingdom, and its capital since 1437. It is the seat of the Scottish Parliament, which was re-established in 1999. Its population was 457,830 in 2005. Since 1329, Edinburgh has officially had city status.
Ruswil is a municipality in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland, located in the electoral district of Sursee.
The Turkish Cup is a football competition organized by the Turkish Football Federation since 1962.This cup first took the name of Turkish Cup before being renamed in the 1980-1981 season to the Federation Cup then during the 2005-2006 season in the Fortis Turkish Cup.
David Crane is co-creator, co-writer and co-producer of Friends and Dream on with Marta Kauffman, and La Classe, with his partner Jeffrey Klarik.
Swindon is an English town in Wiltshire, located between London and Bristol. It is the capital of the unitary authority of Swindon. In 2011, the city had 185,609 inhabitants.
Buchrain is a municipality in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland, located in the electoral district of Lucerne-countryside.
Alone in My Room, written alone in my room, is the 2nd single from Ami Suzuki.
The Siberian Federal District is one of the eight federal districts of Russia. It occupies a central position among the three federal districts located in Asia, but should not be confused with Siberia which constitutes precisely all the Russian territory of Asia. Its administrative center is Novosibirsk.
Charlotte is the largest city in the state of North Carolina, United States. According to estimates from the United States Census Bureau, the town had 809,958 inhabitants in 2014, within a metropolitan area of ​​2,380,314 inhabitants. The city is located 350 km north of Savannah, 364 km east-northeast of Atlanta and 530 km southwest of Washington.
Tianjin, is a city in the northeast of the People's Republic of China. With an agglomeration of more than fourteen million inhabitants in 2012, it is the fourth largest city in China in terms of population, after Shanghai, Beijing and Canton.
Ultra Beatdown is the fourth album by British power metal band DragonForce, released on August 26, 2008 by Roadrunner Records and Spinefarm Records.
Ahmed Osman is a Moroccan politician born January 3, 1930 in Oujda. He is the founder of the National Rally of Independents in 1978. He was the 8th Prime Minister who governed from November 2, 1972 to March 22, 1979, he was also president of the House of Representatives from 1984 to 1992. He is also the son-in-law of Mohammed V. He was married to Lalla Nezha, one of the sisters of Hassan II.
The Ford Escape is an SUV-type vehicle from the American automaker Ford sold since 2000.
Lac de la Haute-Sûre is a Luxembourg municipality located in the canton of Wiltz and the district of Diekirch.
The British invasions of Rio de la Plata were a series of British expeditions directed against the Spanish colonies of Rio de la Plata in the early 19th century, which ended in a humiliating defeat for the United Kingdom.
Othon I of Savoy, born around 1023, probably at the castle of Charbonnières, died on March 19, 1060, is the third count of Savoy and Maurienne. He succeeded his brother Amédée I of Savoy, who died without posterity. He is the son of Humbert-aux-Blanches-Mains and his wife Ancilie d'Aoste.
Minusio is a municipality in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland, located in the district of Locarno.
Mathias Mongenast, born in Diekirch on July 12, 1843 and died in Luxembourg on January 10, 1926, was a Luxembourg politician and lawyer.
The Free University of Berlin is one of the most important universities in Germany and the largest of Berlin's four universities. Focused on the humanities, social sciences, health and natural sciences, it stands out for its modern and international character.
FC Honka is a Finnish football club based in Tapiola, a district of the town of Espoo. The club was founded under the name Tapion Honka in 1953 to become FC Honka in 1957 and he was promoted for the first time from his history in the first division of the Finnish Football Championship at the end of the 2005 season.
Nelson Appleton Miles was an American general who served in the Civil War, the Indian Wars, and the Spanish-American War.
The University of Georgia, a public institution, is the largest university in the State of Georgia, United States. Based in Athens, a city of 115,000 inhabitants and 112 km from Atlanta, the state capital and the nation's ninth largest metropolis, the university has almost 34,000 students enrolled and more than 2,100 teachers.
Côte-Nord-du-Golfe-du-Saint-Laurent is a municipality of Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Golfe-du-Saint-Laurent which is part of the administrative region of Côte-Nord.
"Fragile Tension" / "Hole to Feed" is Depeche Mode's third single from their studio album.
Empty Spaces is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. She appeared on the 1979 album The Wall, and, like most songs on the album, was written by Roger Waters. The song has been covered by Mushroomhead, among others.
The Western Hockey League is one of three major junior A tier I leagues that make up the Canadian Hockey League. It is made up of 22 teams divided into four divisions. The league champion club receives the Ed Chynoweth Cup.
George J. Furey, born May 12, 1948 in Saint John, Newfoundland, is a Canadian senator representing the province of Newfoundland and Labrador. He is the 45th Speaker of the Senate of Canada, a position he currently holds.
The Albany Devils are an American Hockey League ice hockey franchise based in Albany, New York, United States.
The Prime Minister of Victoria is the Head of Government of the State of Victoria in Australia. By convention, the Prime Minister is the leader of the party with the majority in the Legislative Assembly of Victoria.
Jón Gnarr is an Icelandic actor, comedian, and politician, Mayor of Reykjavik from 2010 to 2014.
The Continental Hockey League - or Kontinentalnaya Hokkeïnaïa Liga, from Russian Континентальная хоккейная лига - is an ice hockey championship in Eurasia. The KHL replaced the Russian Superliga. The level of play in this league is widely regarded as the best in Europe, and second in the world, behind the National Hockey League. The players who compose it have long been mostly of Russian and then East European origin.
Columbus is a city in Georgia, Muscogee County, United States. It is known to house Fort Benning, a major training center for the US Army.
Vufflens-le-Chateau is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
Sancho IV of Castile known as Sancho the Brave, born May 12, 1258, died April 25, 1295 in Toledo, was King of Castile and León from 1284 to 1295.
Christina Joan "Christy" Clark, born October 29, 1965 in Burnaby, British Columbia, is a Canadian politician. She has been the current Premier of British Columbia since March 14, 2011, and won the post of leader of the British Columbia Liberal Party in the leadership election on February 26, 2011.
Herreys was a pop music group made up of three Mormon brothers: Richard, Louis and Per Herrey. They won the Eurovision Song Contest with the title Diggi Loo, Diggi Ley for Sweden in 1984, ten years after ABBA. After their victory, they released records and toured for two years but the success did not last and the band broke up.
The Alliance for Direct Democracy in Europe is a political party at European level founded in 2014 and composed of member parties of the Europe of Freedom and Direct Democracy group.
Kim Yong-nam, born February 4, 1928 in Pyongyang, is a North Korean politician. He has served as Head of State of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea as Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme People's Assembly since 1998.
Accra is the capital of Ghana. It is the most populous city in the country of which it constitutes the political, administrative, economic and financial center.
Headlines is a song by Canadian rapper Drake. This is the first single from his second album Take Care. The song is produced by Matthew "Boi-1da" Samuels and Noah "40" Shebib, first released on Drake's blog October's Very Own on 31st 2011, it aired on US urban radio stations on August 9th, 2011. The song the same day, the single was released on iTunes and Amazon in the United States. The song peaked on the Billboard charts in 13th place.
Deathgrind is a blend of the intensity, speed and duration of classic grindcore tracks with the technicality of death metal compositions. Deathgrind tracks are distinguishable from classic death metal tracks by the rarity of guitar solos. and the short duration of titles.
The Red Star Belgrade is the football section of the Red Star Belgrade sports club. It is the most successful football club in Serbia. Founded in 1945 as the anti-fascist youth club, it quickly grew into one of the two big football clubs in Belgrade along with Partizan Belgrade. championship titles of Yugoslavia, it is the most successful club in the whole territory of the former Yugoslavia.
Niceto Alcalá-Zamora y Torres was a Spanish lawyer and politician, monarchist and then Republican; he was the first president of the Second Republic, from 1931 to 1936.
MSV Duisburg is a German football club founded on September 17, 1902 based in Duisburg.
Claude Wagner CP, CR, BA, B. Ph., BCL was a lawyer, judge, crown attorney, professor and provincial and federal politician of Quebec.Born in Shawinigan in Mauricie, Claude Wagner began his political career by becoming a Member of Parliament of the riding of Montréal-Verdun in a by-election in 1964.
Georges-Francis Servoz-Gavin, better known under the name of Johnny Servoz-Gavin, born January 18, 1942 in Grenoble and died May 28, 2006 in Grenoble, is a former French racing driver.
Tiyi or Tiy or Tiye or Teje is a queen of Egypt from the 18th dynasty.
What You Waiting For? is a song from Gwen Stefani Love's debut solo album. Angel. Music. Baby.
The Ittihad of Alexandria which means Union of Alexandria in French is an Egyptian sports club, whose most famous section plays football, founded in 1914 based in Alexandria.
Kingston-upon-Hull, commonly referred to as Hull, is an English town. It has been a unitary authority since 1997 called East Yorkshire. The city has a population of 320,100 in 2008. It has the status of City.
In France, the region is at the same time an administrative division of the territory, a decentralized territorial collectivity endowed with legal personality and freedom of administration, an electoral district and an administrative district of the decentralized services of the State.
Angus McKinnon Young is an Australian musician of British origin, born March 31, 1955 in Glasgow, Scotland. Angus Young is known as a lead guitarist, songwriter, and co-founder of hard rock band AC / DC. He is recognizable by his energy on stage, his school uniform and his duckwalk, and like the rest of the group, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2003.
Holger Kirkholm Nielsen, born January 23, 1950, is a Danish politician and member of the People's Socialist Party.
Elizabeth of Denmark, Norway, and Sweden was a Scandinavian princess who became Electress of Brandenburg as the spouse of Joachim I Nestor, Elector of Brandenburg. She was daughter of King Hans of Denmark, Norway and Sweden and his spouse, Christina of Saxony.
Kuwait, long form the State of Kuwait, is a country in West Asia and the Middle East.
Mie is a prefecture of Japan located east of the island of Honshū.
Marchissy is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Nyon.Located at the foot of the Jura, the village of Marchissy is crossed by the access road to the Col du Marchairuz.
Joseph Williams is an American singer-songwriter. He is currently the lead singer of the group Toto.
The Pacific War includes the campaigns waged from 1941 in the Far East, in the countries bordering the Pacific Ocean and in this ocean, within the framework of the confrontation between the Allies and the Empire of Japan. Japan's expansionist policy targeted the entire region. This war encompasses all military operations carried out on the East Asian and Oceanic fronts of World War II.
Maria Goeppert-Mayer, is an American physicist. In 2013, she was, along with Marie Curie, one of the only two women to have obtained the Nobel Prize in physics.In 1929, then a doctoral student at the University of Göttingen, she theoretically demonstrated the existence of absorption two-photon.
The 2014 edition of Battleground is a televised wrestling event that can only be viewed on a pay-per-view basis on French television channel AB1, as well as for free on the WWE Network. The event, produced by World Wrestling Entertainment, will take place on July 20, 2014 at the Tampa Bay Times Forum arena in Tampa, Florida. This is the second edition of Battleground.
Christina María Aguilera is an American singer-songwriter, businesswoman, actress and philanthropist. In 1991, at only 11 years old, she launched her career in The Mickey Mouse Club. Eight years later, she released her debut album, Christina Aguilera, whose first three singles topped the charts in the United States.
Authier-Nord is a municipality in the province of Quebec, in the regional county municipality of Abitibi-Ouest in the Abitibi-Témiscamingue administrative region. Its inhabitants are the Authiernordois.The town is named in honor of Hector Authier, pioneer of colonization.The name of this Abitibian municipality, partially detached from the municipality of the parish of Macamic and established in 1983, specifies its location to the north d'Authier, on the banks of the Macamic.
Sainte-Rose-de-Watford is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Etchemins in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches. The patron saint of the parish is Rose de Lima.
Saint-Paul-d'Abbotsford is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Rouville in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Montérégie.
Hiram "Hank" King Williams was an American singer, guitarist and songwriter who became an icon of country music, and one of the most influential musicians of the 20th century. An influential follower of the honky tonk style, he recorded numerous successful records, and his charisma on stage as well as his concise compositions fueled his fame. Its musical catalog is one of the backbones of country music.
Northern Cyprus and, in long form, the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, in Turkish Kuzey K ı br ı s T ü rk Cumhuriyeti, is a state recognized only by Turkey and, at one time, by Pakistan, located in the north-eastern part of the island of Cyprus.
The parish of Rivière-Verte is both a civil parish and a Canadian local service district in Madawaska County, northwestern New Brunswick.
Jerusalem is a city in the Middle East that holds a central place in the Jewish, Christian and Muslim religions. The city also holds an important place in the national Israeli and Palestinian feelings.
Total Eclipse of the Heart is a song written by Jim Steinman and performed by Bonnie Tyler released in 1983. It is Bonnie Tyler's greatest success ahead of It's a Heartache. It has sold over 5,000,000 copies. It became Billboard's 6th song of the year 1983. A cover adapted in French performed by Kareen Antonn and Bonnie Tyler, If tomorrow ..., was released in 2003.
Orette Bruce Golding is a Jamaican politician, born December 5, 1947 in Chapelton in the parish of Clarendon. Golding was president of the Jamaica Labor Party and prime minister of Jamaica from September 11, 2007 to October 23, 2011. After the legislative elections of September 3, 2007, the JLP held the majority of seats in the National Assembly.
Chelsea is a district in West London, on the River Thames. In the 18th century, porcelain factory. His football club - Chelsea Football Club - won the Champions League during the 2011-2012 season and the Europa League the following season, something which had never been achieved by any club before.
Milan Ku č year is a politician and statesman slov è do. It é was the leader of the League of Communists of Slov e denies then the first pr é President of R e public of Slov e denies.
Niels Helveg Petersen, born January 17, 1937 in Odense, is a Danish politician, former minister, former Member of Parliament and chairman of the Radical Left parliamentary group in Parliament.
Paavo Berglund is a Finnish conductor, born April 14, 1929 in Helsinki and died January 25, 2012.
Soyuz 18a was a Soyuz mission launched by the Soviet Union on April 5, 1975 but which failed to reach orbit due to a fatal malfunction.
Giorgio Agamben is an Italian philosopher, specialist in the thought of Walter Benjamin, Heidegger, Carl Schmitt and Aby Warburg; he is particularly focused on the history of concepts, especially in medieval philosophy and in the genealogical study of the categories of law and theology. The notion of biopolitics, borrowed from Foucault, is at the heart of many of his works.
The Khwarazm-Shahs or Khorezmiens were a Perso-Turkish dynasty installed in Khwarezm, in Transoxiana and in Persia.
The Council of Europe is an intergovernmental organization established on May 5, 1949 by the Treaty of London.
The Junta de Salvação Nacional was a group of officers appointed to maintain the government of Portugal in April 1974 after the Carnation Revolution overthrew the dictatorial regime of Estado Novo.
Antes de Las Seis is the 4th single from Shakira's Sale el Sol album, released on October 24, 2011.
Agiez is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois.
The Solomonid dynasty is a dynasty of Ethiopia, claiming to be King Solomon and the Queen of Sheba, who is said to have given birth to Menelik I after his visit to Solomon in Jerusalem, recorded in the Bible. This dynasty, founded in the 13th century, was not based on strict biological descent but on political successions, most often in the same lineage.
Entrelacs is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC de Matawinie in the administrative region of Lanaudière.
Laniel is an unorganized territory of Quebec located in the MRC of Témiscamingue in Abitibi-Témiscamingue.Its name recalls that of Armand Laniel, Oblate residing in Maniwaki who was responsible for the missions of Lake Barrière and Lake Victoria.
My Love is a song that can be found on Celine Dion's Taking Chances album. It will be released as a 3rd single in America and Europe and as a 4th single in the UK. The music video was shot during the show in Montreal. It will be released on September 25, 2008. In the UK it was the second single since Eyes on Me to miss the charts, scanning at the 129th position. In Canada, the song opens in 82nd position and will be launched the following week in 67th position.
The city of Madison is the capital of the state of Wisconsin, United States. According to a 2011 estimate, its population was 236,901, which placed it second in the state behind Milwaukee and 82nd in the United States. The seat of Dane County, Madison is located 235 km northwest of Chicago and is home to the University of Wisconsin.
German Americans are citizens of the United States who have German origins. With approximately 51,000,000 individuals, they form the largest ethnic group in the United States, numbering 17.1% of the American population in 2009. They are now fully assimilated to the rest of the American population.
Jean Foyer, born April 27, 1921 in Contigné and died in Paris on October 3, 2008, is a French politician and jurist. He was one of the architects of the French Constitution of 1958 and Keeper of the Seals of Charles de Gaulle.
Klaus Tschütscher, born July 8, 1967 in Vaduz, is a Liechtenstein politician, member of the Patriotic Union and head of government of Liechtenstein from March 25, 2009 to March 27, 2013. Politics portal Politics portal Liechtenstein portal Portal from Liechtenstein
Rodney L. Davis is an American politician and member of the Republican Party. He currently represents Illinois' Thirteenth District in the United States House of Representatives.
La Chaux is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
Miami-Dade County is a county in the state of Florida in the United States. According to the United States Census Bureau, its population was 2,496,435 in 2010, making it the most populous county in Florida. This county is part of the Miami Metropolitan Area, and the eastern part of the county is heavily urbanized with many apartment buildings along the coast, as well as the location of the Downtown Miami Central Business District.
Dole is a French commune, located in the Jura department in the Franche-Comté region. Former capital of Franche-Comté, it fits into the Rhine-Rhône metropolis and is, with 24,906 inhabitants, the most populous city of the department, of which it is one of the sub-prefectures. Its inhabitants are called Dolois.
Yoann Lemoine, known as Woodkid, born in Tassin-la-Demi-Lune in 1983, is a French director, musician and graphic designer. Katy Perry, Back to December by Taylor Swift, Must We, Must We Not? by Nolwenn Leroy, Dreaming of Another World by Mystery Jets, Born to Die by Lana Del Rey and Take Care by Drake, as well as music videos for The Shoes, Yelle, Moby, and Rihanna.
I Want You is a song by the British band The Beatles. It was written by John Lennon but credited to Lennon / McCartney. It appears on the Abbey Road album released in 1969 and ended the first side on the original LP. At seven minutes and fifty seconds, it is also the second longest song by the Beatles, after Revolution 9, which exceeds eight minutes. This song is also famous for the fact that it was when it was finished, on August 20, 1969, that the four Beatles were last seen reunited in the studio.
Genolier is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Nyon.
Habay is a French-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Walloon Region in the province of Luxembourg. Eight villages are part of Gaume, one is in the Ardennes and one is in the Pays d'Arlon.
Gerhard Jahn, born September 10, 1927 in Kassel and died October 20, 1998 in Marburg, was a German politician and member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. He was Federal Minister of Justice of West Germany between 1969 and 1974, being the sole holder of this post in Willy Brandt's social-liberal coalition.
Fédor III Alekseïévitch or Fyodor III Alekseïévitch tsar of Russia from 1676 to 1682. Son of Alexis Ier known as “the very peaceful tsar” and of Maria Miloslavskaïa. In 1680 he married Agaphia Grouchetskaïa. In 1682, he married Martha Apraxina. His tutor, Simeon of Polotsk, gave him a taste for study in general and the sciences in particular. He is intelligent but is very weak physically.
Mario Kopi æ n ed March 13, 1965 in Dubrovnik, Croatia, is a philosopher, essayist and translator.
The Atlanta Braves are a major league baseball franchise located in Atlanta. Founded in Boston in 1871, this franchise moved to Milwaukee in 1953 before joining Atlanta in 1966. Atlanta is the only MLB franchise to have won the title in three different cities: Boston, Milwaukee and Atlanta.
1. FC Nuremberg is a German football club founded in 1900 and based in Nuremberg. The club have been playing in Bundesliga 2 since 2014.
Michael Mayr was an Austrian Federal Chancellor of the First Republic of Austria, member of the Christian Social Party, and by profession a historian.
This article presents the episode guide for the ninth season of the television series Grey's Anatomy.
Goa is a state on the southwest coast of India. Controlled by the Portuguese from the beginning of the 16th century, it was taken over by India in 1961, along with the other Portuguese counters in the region, Daman and Diu and Dadra and Nagar Haveli. Goa acquired State of the Union status on May 30, 1987.
In the Flesh? is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. It was written by Roger Waters and appears on the album The Wall released in 1979.
The province of Guadalajara is one of the five provinces of the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha, in central Spain. Its capital is the city of Guadalajara.
Princess Josephine of Denmark, born January 8, 2011 in Copenhagen, is a member of the Danish royal family, the fourth and last child of Frederik of Denmark and his Australian-born wife Mary Donaldson.
GS Kallithéa is a Greek football club based in Kallithéa.
Sainte-Croix is ​​a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Jura-Nord Vaud between Yverdon-les-Bains, Fleurier and Pontarlier.
Benigno Repeki Fitial, born November 27, 1945 in Saipan, is a former governor of the Northern Mariana Islands from January 9, 2006 to February 20, 2013 where he resigned following a corruption case to be replaced by Eloy Inos, his vice-governor since 2009 He was previously the speaker, or president of the territorial chamber, of the fourteenth legislature.
The UCLA Bruins are a college sports club at the University of California, Los Angeles. Bruins teams compete in college competitions hosted by the National Collegiate Athletic Association.
Chavannes-le-Veyron is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
Louis III de Bourbon-Condé, Duke of Bourbon, Duke of Montmorency then Duke of Enghien, then 6th Prince of Condé, Count of Sancerre, Count of Charolais and Lord of Chantilly, is a Prince of the French blood born at the Hôtel de Condé in Paris on October 18, 1668 and died in Versailles on May 4, 1710.
Félix Guattari, born April 30, 1930, in Villeneuve-les-Sablons, died August 29, 1992 at the La Borde clinic, is a French psychoanalyst and philosopher.
òscar Ribas Reig, born in 1936 in Sant Julià de Lòria, is an Andorran entrepreneur and politician, first head of the Andorran government from 1982 to 1984 and again from 1990 to 1994.
The Metallurg Novokuznetsk Hockey Club - in Russian: Хоккейный клуб "Металлург" Новокузнецк - is a professional ice hockey club from Russia, located in Novokuznetsk. He plays in the KHL.
Spacemonkeyz is a music group made up of Darren Galea, Richie Stevens and Dodds Gavin.
Bob Cowley Riley, born September 18, 1924 in Little Rock and died February 16, 1994 in Arkadelphia, is an American Democratic politician. He was Acting Governor of Arkansas in 1975 as State Lieutenant Governor.
The Russian civil war is the set of events which tear the former Russian Empire apart for more than five years, from the end of 1917 to 1923, the bulk of the fighting being ended in 1921. It is situated in the continuation of the Russian revolution of 'October 1917; the main part of the military campaigns continued until the proclamation of the NEP. The Russian civil war did not simply oppose the Bolshevik revolutionaries to the “white” monarchists in favor of a return to the former tsarist regime.
Stoke-on-Trent is a British town once located in Staffordshire but which has been a unitary authority since 1997. It has City status. Its population is estimated at 260,000 inhabitants. The city is divided into several districts: the city center being Hanley; Fenton; Longton; Burslem; Tunstall; Stoke-upon-Trent.
Henri Tudor, was Earl of Richmond, then King of England from 1485 under the name of Henry VII, first ruler of the Tudor dynasty.
Here Comes the Rain Again is a song by the British duo Eurythmics. It was written by band members Annie Lennox and Dave Stewart and produced by Stewart. The song was the third single from the UK album Touch and the first in the US.
Yekaterinburg or Ekaterinburg is a city in Russia watered by the Isset, a tributary of the Tobol. It is the administrative capital of the Sverdlovsk Oblast in the Urals. In Soviet times, it was called Sverdlovsk. With a population of 1,396,074 inhabitants in 2013, it is the fourth largest city in Russia.
Lykke Friis, born October 27, 1969, is a Danish politician. She was Minister of Climate and Energy between 2009 and 2011, to which was added the Equal Opportunities portfolio in 2010. She is a member of the Venstre party.
Corinthia is a regional district in the north of the Peloponnese peninsula whose capital is the city of Corinth. It is the third most important regional district of the peninsula by its population and the most populous of the regional districts of the periphery of the Peloponnese.
Shock Value II is Timbaland's third studio album, released in December 2009. The first single from the album is Morning After Dark with Nelly Furtado and the French SoShy.
Morcote is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Ticino, located in the district of Lugano.
Aristóbulo Istúriz Almeida, born December 20, 1946 in Curiepe and died April 27, 2021 in Caracas, is a Venezuelan teacher and statesman, member of the United Socialist Party. He was Vice-President of the Republic from January 6, 2016 to January 4, 2017 and Minister of Education from September 4, 2018 until his death.
Summer Trip is the 55th single from Kumi Kōda released under the Rhythm Zone label on July 31, 2013 in Japan. He finished 6th at the Oricon. It sold 19,003 copies the first week and remains classified 4 weeks for a total of 22,789 copies sold. It is released in CD and CD + DVD format. LaLaLaLaLa and Touch Down can be found on the album Bon Voyage.
Vincent Peillon, born July 7, 1960 in Suresnes, is a French politician, MEP and leading member of the Socialist Party, he was Minister of National Education in the Ayrault government from May 16, 2012 to March 31, 2014.
The Parish of Perth is both a civil parish and a Canadian local service district in New Brunswick.
Niel is a Dutch-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Flemish Region, in the province of Antwerp.
Waltham is a municipality in Quebec, located in the MRC of Pontiac in the Outaouais.
Sylvie Roy is a Quebec politician, born in La Tuque. She was the Member of Parliament for the riding of Lotbinière in the National Assembly of Quebec from 2003 to 2012, under the banner of Action Démocratique du Québec.
STS-38 was the seventh mission of the Space Shuttle Atlantis. She served on a mission for the United States Department of Defense.
Lac-Metei is an unorganized territory of Quebec, in the regional county municipality of La Vallée-de-l'Or in the Abitibi-Témiscamingue administrative region.
Berthe de Bourgogne, is the daughter of Conrad III of Burgundy dit le Pacifique and of Mathilde, daughter of King Louis IV of Overseas. She is the second wife of Robert II of France, second king of the Capetian dynasty better known under the name of Robert the Pious. She first married Count Eudes I of Blois and Chartres, to whom she gave three children. But the King of France, Robert II the Pious, fell in love with her and repudiated his first wife, Rozala de Provence much older than him.When Eudes died in March 996, Robert II wanted to marry her, but his father Hugues Capet opposed it because of consanguinity.
The city of Binghamton is the seat of Broome County, New York, United States, located 300 km by road northwest of New York City. According to the 2000 census, the city has 47,380 inhabitants, 252,320 including its metropolitan area.
The trumpet is a wind musical instrument from the light brass family. It is made in a 1.50 m long tube like the cone. To play it we use pistons.
Novalles is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois.
Lake Charles is a city in the United States, one of the five largest in Louisiana. It is located on the Calcasieu river. The city is the seat of the parish of Calcasieu. In 2005 it had about 70,000 inhabitants. The city is rich with Cajun culture, represented by Cajun cuisine.
The Coachman is a constellation in the northern hemisphere, sometimes also called Erichton.
Skid Row is an American rock band founded in the late 1980s and very popular in the early 1990s. The group's name refers to a neighborhood in Los Angeles with the largest homeless community in the world. .
Boussens is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Gros-de-Vaud. Cited in 1177, it was part of the district of Cossonay between 1803 and 2007. The town was populated by 916 inhabitants in 2013.
Elis is a region of Greece, located to the west of the Peloponnese peninsula on the Ionian Sea between Messinia and Achaia. Today it is a regional district on the outskirts of Western Greece.
Paul Biya was born on February 13, 1933 in Mvomeka'a, under the name of Paul Barthelemy Biya'a Bi Mvondo. He is the second President of the Republic of Cameroon and has been in office since November 6, 1982.
She is a song by the American punk band Green Day and the fifth single from their third album, Dookie, released in 1994. The song was released in 1995 as a promotional single sent to radio stations.
Suck It and See is the second single by indie rock band Arctic Monkeys from the album Suck It and See and released on October 31, 2011.
Marguerite de Navarre, also called Marguerite d'Angoulême and sometimes Marguerite d'Alençon, was born on April 11, 1492 in Angoulême and died on December 21, 1549 in Odos-en-Bigorre. It played a capital role during the first part of the 16th century: it exercised a profound influence in diplomacy and manifested a certain interest in new ideas, encouraging artists both at the Court of France and at Nérac.
Tali is a section of the Pitäjänmäki district in Helsinki, the capital of Finland.
Jaca is a municipality in the autonomous community of Aragon, province of Huesca, in Spain. It is the capital of the comarca of Jacetania, with a population of 12,759 inhabitants.
County Antrim is one of the six counties that make up Northern Ireland. It ranks ninth among traditional Irish counties in area and second in population after County Dublin. It is the northernmost county of the province of Ulster. The main towns are Antrim, Ballymena, Ballymoney, Carrickfergus, Larne, Lisburn and Portrush. Most of the city of Belfast is also in the County of Antrim, with the rest of the city in County Down. The county has a population of around 618,000, almost all of them located in the greater Belfast area.
Riedholz is a municipality in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, located in the district of Lebern.
People Help the People is a song by British indie rock band Cherry Ghost released on June 12, 2007 under the Heavenly label. 2nd single from the album Thirst for Romance the song is written by Simon Aldred and produced by 	Simon Aldred, Dan Austin.
Zemst is a Dutch-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Flemish Region in the province of Flemish Brabant, with a population of 21,029 inhabitants on January 1, 2004 according to the INS. The official language is Dutch.Located between Vilvoorde and Mechelen and 20 km from Brussels, Zemst brings together the former non-merged municipalities of Eppegem, Elewijt, Hofstade, Weerde, Zemst-Laar and Zemst.
The Detroit Shock was a city of Detroit women's basketball franchise that was a member of the WNBA. The club was associated with the Detroit Pistons NBA club, which was coached by former Pistons star Bill Laimbeer. In 2010 he moved to Tulsa and was renamed to Tulsa Shock.
Joëlle Ceccaldi-Raynaud, born February 9, 1951 in Algiers, is a French politician. She is currently mayor of Puteaux and 2nd vice-president of the board of directors of the Seine Arche public development establishment. She was a member of the sixth district of Hauts-de-Seine.
Cry is the second single from Michael Jackson's Invincible album. It was released on December 5, 2001. This song was written by R. Kelly.
Atlético Clube de Portugal is a Portuguese football club based in Lisbon. The club is playing for the 2012-2013 season in Liga Orangina.
Gland is a town and municipality in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland, located in the district of Nyon.
Prudente José de Morais e Barros is the 3rd President of the Republic of the United States of Brazil. He is the first civilian to hold this position, as well as the first president to be elected by direct suffrage according to the prescriptions of the 1891 constitution. His accession to power marks the rise of the oligarchy of the great coffee producers to power. Politics. His presidency covers the period from November 15, 1894 to November 15, 1898.
SERC Wild Wings are a German professional ice hockey club based in Villingen-Schwenningen in Baden-Württemberg. The team operates in LED, the highest German level.
Pike River is a municipality of Quebec, located in the MRC of Brome-Missisquoi in Montérégie. In May 2012, the municipality of Saint-Pierre-de-Véronne-à-Pike-River changed its name to municipality of Pike River.
Adolfo Rodríguez Saá, is an Argentinian politician who served as governor of the province of San Luis for 18 years. In 2001, after Fernando de la Rúa's resignation, the Legislative Assembly, convened by Senator Ramón Puerta - in the exercise of executive power - elected interim President of the Nation; his government lasted only 7 days.
The Democratic Center is a French center-right political movement. Founded by Jean Lecanuet after his presidential campaign in 1965, it merged into the Center of Social Democrats in 1976.
Knights of Cydonia is a song written and recorded by British rock band Muse for their fourth studio album, Black Holes & Revelations, released in 2006. The song first aired on US radio KROQ on June 6, 2006, and on other American stations from June 12 of the same year.
Hyde, real name Hideto Takarai is a Japanese rock singer.
Aziz Akhannouch is a Moroccan politician and businessman, born in 1961 in Tafraout to a family from Aguerd Oudad, douar of Tafraout. He is the current Minister of Agriculture and Maritime Fisheries and a member of the Benkiran Government. His personal fortune was estimated at $ 1.4 billion in November 2013 by the American magazine Forbes.
The Hundred Years War is a conflict, interspersed with more or less long truces, opposing from 1337 to 1453 the Plantagenets dynasty to that of the Valois, and through them the kingdom of England and that of France.
I Love It Loud is a song by the hard rock band Kiss, featured on the 1982 album Creatures of the Night.
The Simpson Horror Show IV or Halloween Special IV is the 5th episode of season 5 of The Simpsons TV series. It is also the fourth episode of the Horror Show type. It was first broadcast by Fox in the United States on October 28, 1993, then in France on October 8, 1994. It features three short stories named Homer Simpson and the Devil, Terror at five and a half and Bart Simpson Dracula.
John Oliver Creighton is an American astronaut born April 24, 1943.
Rock of Ages is a song by the group Def Leppard released on their third album Pyromania released on January 20, 1983. On this song, we can hear at the beginning the famous sample taken by The Offspring on their song Pretty Fly released in 1998. Rock portal Rock portal Music portal Music portal • Song section
US Lecce is an Italian football club founded on March 15, 1908 and based in Lecce. The club, which plays its home matches at the Via del Mare Stadium in Lecce, is chaired by Savino Tesoro and coached by Franco Lerda.
The Order of Merit is an honor of the Commonwealth realms bestowed at the discretion of the monarch. It was instituted by King Edward VII in 1902 and is intended to reward artistic, literary, scientific and military merits. The motto "For Merit" is inscribed in the center of the badge, a cross pattée in gold enameled in red.
The Vice President of Brazil is the second figure in the Brazilian state. The role of the Vice-President is to replace the President in the event of travel abroad, resignation or dismissal by impeachment procedure. He must also advise the President in case of need. The Brazilian Constitution of 1988 allows a complementary law to give new attributions to the Vice-President.
The Pneumatic Machine or Antlia is a constellation in the southern hemisphere, not very bright.
Treasure Box is T-ara's 2nd album, released in Japan on August 7, 2013. It is released in Pearl Edition CD, CD + DVD + Photobook diamond and CD + DVD sapphire format. He came 4th at the Oricon. It sold 18,814 copies the first week and remains classified 9 weeks for a total of 27,695 copies sold.
If 6 Was 9 is a song written by Jimi Hendrix and recorded with his band The Jimi Hendrix Experience. She appeared on the band's second album, Axis: Bold as Love, released on December 1, 1967, and appeared in the films Easy Rider and Point Break. She also appears in the 3rd episode of season 7 of Mad Men in the end credits.
Thrice is an American rock band, originally from Irvine, Calif. In 1998. The band was formed by guitarist and vocalist Dustin Kensrue, and guitarist Teppei Teranishi, while studying in high school. known for his music based on heavily distorted guitar pieces, in particular. This style is presented in their album titled, The Illusion of Safety, released in 2002, and their third album The Artist in the Ambulance, released in 2003.
Georges Jean Marie Valiron is a French mathematician, born in Lyon on September 7, 1884 and died on March 17, 1955 in Paris 14th arrondissement. He is especially illustrated in the theory of functions of the complex variable and its applications to the theory of functional equations.
La Plata is the capital of the province of Buenos Aires, and also the capital of the partido of La Plata.
Adam Duncan, 1st Viscount Duncan of Camperdown, or Lord Duncan, was a British admiral who won a resounding victory over the Dutch fleet at the Battle of Camperdown in 1797. He commanded from 1795 to 1800 as vice-admiral the station of the North Sea, actively watched the coasts of Holland, and on October 11, 1797 won over the Dutch admiral De Winter, near Cape Camperdown, a victory which earned him the title of Viscount of Camperdown and the dignity of Admiral of the White Flag.
Hommelvik Station is a Norwegian railway station on the Meråker line, located in Hommelvik in the territory of the municipality of Malvik in the county of Trøndelag.
Cancer is a constellation of the zodiac crossed by the Sun from July 20 to August 10. In the order of the zodiac, it is located between Gemini in the west and Leo in the east. It is surrounded by the Lynx to the north and the Hydra and the Little Dog to the south. Cancer is also a sign of the zodiac corresponding to the 30 ° sector of the ecliptic crossed by the Sun from June 21 to July 23.
Kriangsak Jamanandana Chomanan is a general who served as Prime Minister of Thailand from 1977 to 1980. Born in Bangkok, Kriangsak is the son of Järn and Jua Jamanandana. He married Khunying Wirat Jamanandana and received his education at Samut Sakorn Wittayalai School and Pathum Kongka School.
Cícero Pompeu de Toledo Stadium, popularly known as Estádio do Morumbi or simply Morumbi, is a soccer stadium located in São Paulo, Brazil. The stadium is owned by São Paulo Futebol Clube, which plays its home matches there. The stadium is also known by the nickname Panettone.
António de Serpa Pimentel was Prime Minister of Portugal from January 14 to October 11, 1890. He was appointed in reaction to the British ultimatum concerning Portuguese colonial policy in South East Africa. The signing of the "Treaty of London" later in that same year 1890, which was intended as a step towards resolving the crisis, was seen as the appeasement of a more powerful UK.
Chongzhen, by his personal name Zhu Youjian, was the sixteenth and last emperor of the Ming dynasty. Fifth son of Emperor Taichang, he succeeded his elder brother Tianqi at the age of 16.
Cap-Saint-Ignace is a municipality, in the regional county municipality of Montmagny, in the Chaudière-Appalaches administrative region, in Quebec, Canada. It is named in honor of Ignatius of Loyola. Cap-Saint-Ignace is known for the hundreds of thousands of Snow Geese that stop there in the spring and fall as well as for the Hunting Festival. The emblem of the municipality is the bluebird.
Christoph Eschenbach is a German pianist and conductor, born February 20, 1940 in Breslau.
The Duchy of Palatinate-Neuburg, sometimes also called the New Palatinate, is a former state of the Holy Roman Empire that was established in 1505 as a result of the Landshut War of Succession. Neubourg-sur-le-Danube was chosen as the capital.
Charles Donald Gemar said Sam Gemar is an American astronaut born August 4, 1955.
The Royal Society, whose official name is Royal Society of London for the Improvement of Natural Knowledge and which can be translated literally as "Royal Society of London for the Improvement of Natural Knowledge", is an institution founded in 1660 with headquarters in Carlton House Terrace in London and intended for the promotion of science. This learned society is the equivalent of the Académie des sciences in France. The Royal Irish Academy, founded in 1782, is affiliated with it.
Croy is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois.
Garnich is a Luxembourg locality and the capital of the municipality bearing the same name located in the canton of Capellen and the district of Luxembourg.
Andorra la Vella is the name of one of the seven parishes and the capital of the Principality of Andorra. Today it has a little over 24,000 inhabitants. It is located at the confluence of the Valira d'Orient and the Valira del Nord which form the Valira river, at an altitude of approximately 1,020 m. It is the main parish bringing together the majority of services and institutions, including the Government of Andorra.
Here is the list of recent rulers of Tonga. The modern Tongan kingdom dates back to the 19th century, but other dynasties have ruled all or part of Tonga for centuries. Dynasty You ' i Manu ' has, the oldest of which ' oral history Tongan has preserved e trace pr é c è the foundation of ' Empire You ' i Tonga.
Tórshavn is the largest city and the capital of the Faroe Islands. It is located to the south of the largest island in the archipelago: Streymoy. The population was 12,375 inhabitants in 2010. The municipality of Tórshavn, which includes several towns, including the city of Tórshavn, had 19,429 inhabitants in 2010 and was founded between the 9th and 10th centuries.
For the Catholic saint: see Rita de CasciaSainte-Rita is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Les Basques, Quebec, located in the administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent, 32 km southeast of Trois -Pistoles. The 2006 census counts 355 inhabitants.
Henry the Lion was Duke of Saxony from 1142 and Duke of Bavaria from 1156. He was the richest of German nobles, at least until the enrichment of the rival Hohenstaufen dynasty during the reign of Frederick I. The lion is his heraldic animal.
Joseph Fidler Walsh, is an American singer, songwriter and guitarist, born November 20, 1947 in Wichita. He is best known for being a member of the rock band, Eagles.
étagnières is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Gros-de-Vaud. Cited from 1202, it was part of the district of échallens between 1803 and 2007. The town was populated by 1,080 inhabitants in 2013.
Sultan Mehmet II the Conqueror or Mehmed II “Fatih was the 7th sultan of the Ottoman Empire. He was the fourth son of Murad II. He was born on March 30, 1432 in Edirne de Huma Hatun. It was the capture of Constantinople in 1453 which earned him his nickname "Fatih". He reigned twice; in the meantime, it was his father Mourad II who took over power.
Reanimation is a remix album of Linkin Park's songs from the Hybrid Theory album and the Hybrid Theory EP album. Most of the tracks on this album are in Leet Speak. The remixes are mostly more electronica and hip-hop style versions than the originals.
Hassa bint Ahmed Al Soudayri, daughter of Ahmed Al Soudayri, is one of the favorite wives of Abdelaziz Al Saoud, founder of the Saudi dynasty, and king of Saudi Arabia from 1932 to 1953.
Hugues III de Lusignan is a king of Cyprus, of Jerusalem, and the son of Henri de Poitiers-Antioch and Isabelle de Lusignan.
Studio One is the record label created in Kingston in 1962 by Jamaican producer Clement Seymour Dodd, known as Coxsone. It can be considered the historically most important label in Jamaican music production.
Samuel Leroy Jackson is an American actor and film producer born December 21, 1948 in Washington DC, he has played supporting roles in many successful films such as Pulp Fiction, A Day in Hell, Jackie Brown, the Star Wars prelogy, Unbreakable, Avengers and Django Unchained.
Vlastimil Tusar is a Czechoslovak journalist and politician. he was prime minister from July 1919 to September 1920.
Alexander Fyodorovich Kerensky is a Russian lawyer and politician, member of the Revolutionary Socialist Party.
Kurt Beck, born February 5, 1949 in Bad Bergzabern, is a German politician and member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. Elected member of the Rhineland-Palatinate Landtag in 1979, he was appointed chairman of the SPD group in 1991, and succeeded two years later to Rudolf Scharping as regional party chairman.
Des Moines is the capital of the state of Iowa in the United States. Founded in 1843 as the Fort des Moines and taking its current name in 1857, the town is located at the confluence of the Raccoon and Des Moines rivers. It is the seat of Polk County, with a small part of its territory in Warren County. According to the 2010 United States census, it had 203,433 inhabitants. Its agglomeration includes 522,454, including 53,889 inhabitants for the neighboring town of West Des Moines.
Eh, Eh is a song by American pop artist Lady Gaga, from her debut album, The Fame. It was released as a third single in Australia, New Zealand as well as other European countries and as a fourth single in France. The track is in a calypso style, contains a regular tempo that we often see in ballads, and concerns a woman's break-up with a man, who she wants to find a new partner.
The Unforgettable Fire is a song by Irish rock band U2, taken from the album of the same name. It is the fourth track of this album. His single was released on April 1, 1985. Rock portal Rock portal Music portal Music portal • Song section
GWR Records was an active UK music label from 1986 to 1991, and in 1984 Gerry Bron's financially struggling Bronze Records became a problem for recording Motörhead albums. Douglas Smith the manager of Motörhead then founded a label accompanied by Ray Richards for the sales of the albums of this group.
Saint-Aimé is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Pierre-De Saurel in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Montérégie. Its name evokes the memory of Lord Gaspard-Aimé Massue.
The Norwegian ice hockey championship is called GET ligaen after the league sponsor, GET. Ten teams compete against each other during the regular season, after which the top eight teams play the playoffs to determine the champion. The last two teams of the season play a promotion / relegation pool with the top two teams in the lower division, the 1. divisjon.
Juan Ruiz de Apodaca, count of Venadito was an officer in the Spanish navy, viceroy of New Spain from September 20, 1816 to July 5, 1821, during the Mexican War of Independence.
Austria has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest since its second edition, in 1957, and has won it twice: in 1966 and in 2014.
The Air and Space Army is one of the four components of the Armed Forces of the French Republic.
Wings is a song by the British band Little Mix. It was written by the group in collaboration with Erika Nuri, Heidi Rojas, Iain James, Michelle Lewis, Mischke Butler, Kyle Coleman, Christopher Dotson and composers TMS. This is their second single released by the group after winning the eighth season of the television series The X Factor, and the first single to be released on their debut album titled DNA.
The Indiana Hoosiers are a college sports club at Indiana University.
Belgium has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest since its first edition in 1956 and has won it only once: in 1986.
Baby Be Mine is a song by Michael Jackson on the Thriller album released in 1982.The title was composed by Rod Temperton who will also compose Thriller and The Lady in My Life on the same album as well as Rock with You, Off the Wall and Burn This Disco Out on the Off The Wall album released in 1979.The title is the second track on the Thriller album behind Wanna Be Startin 'Somethin' and ahead of The Girl Is Mine in collaboration with Paul McCartney.Michael Jackson does will ever sing this title live like Lady In My Life, PYT and The Girl Is Mine.
Charles Martin "Chuck" Jones is an American director, producer and screenwriter of animated films, born September 21, 1912 in Spokane, died February 22, 2002 in Corona Del Mar.
Julian Fernando Casablancas is an American composer, musician and singer, creator and member of rock band The Strokes. Julian started a solo career during his band hiatus, and released an album Phrazes for the Young in 2009. Since 2014 Julian has worked with a second band, The Voidz.
Milvignes is a commune in the district of Boudry in the canton of Neuchatel in Switzerland.
Rénier Marie Benoît Joseph Labre Gaëtan François Xavier Barbe Nicolas Toussaint de Bourbon, Prince of the Two Sicilies, Duke of Castro, was the 5th son of Alphonse de Bourbon and Antoinette de Bourbon.
The Chamber of Deputies is the lower chamber of the Italian Parliament, elected by direct universal suffrage, like the Senato della Repubblica, which has the same prerogatives, Italy having a parity bicameralism as a parliamentary framework. within the Carignan Palace in Turin, then at the Vecchio Palace in Florence.
San Diego County is a county in the southern state of California, near the Mexican border. With a population of 3,095,313 in 2010, it is the second largest county in the state by population. Its capital is San Diego.
Desert Storm Records is an American hip-hop label created by DJ Clue, a famous DJ, who is a regular guest on New York-based radio Power 105.1. The label was signed to Elektra Records and Atlantic Records, and is now on Def Jam Records.
Parc Saint-Jacques is the home stadium of Swiss football club FC Basel, located in Basel. Its nickname is Joggeli and has a capacity of 38,512, increased to 42,500 during the 2008 European Football Championship. The stadium has four stands, each stand representing one side of the stadium. The stadium meets the UEFA category 4 criteria, allowing it to host the 2015-2016 Europa League final.
The Boston Garden was a famous sports hall located in Boston. Opened on November 17, 1928, the Garden is considered the ancestor of all modern rooms today. Originally called the Boston Madison Square Garden, the hall was occupied by the Boston Bruins from 1928 to 1995 and the green team from 1946 to 1995. The Boston Garden was destroyed in 1997, a few years after construction of the TD ended. Garden.
Juriens is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois.
Tommy, Can You Hear Me? is a song by the British group The Who, written by Pete Townshend and appeared on the rock opera Tommy in 1969.
Maria da Assunção Andrade Esteves, born October 15, 1956 in Valpaços, is a Portuguese lawyer and politician, member of the Social Democratic Party and President of the Assembly of the Republic since 2011.
Moerdijk is a municipality and a village in the Netherlands in the province of North Brabant, located about 40km south-east of the port of Rotterdam.
Chatel is a French commune bordering with Switzerland, located in the department of Haute-Savoie, in the Rhône-Alpes region. High-altitude village located at the bottom of the Val d'Abondance, in the Savoyard Chablais, the town had 1,179 inhabitants in 2012.Chatel is also a tourist town, a winter and summer sports resort, a few steps from Avoriaz . Its ski area is one of the 14 Portes du Soleil resorts.
Chácara das Flores is a district of the Brazilian city of Santa Maria, Rio Grande do Sul. The neighborhood is located in Sede district.
Baghdad or Baghdad is the capital of Iraq and the province of Baghdad. It is located in the center-east of the country and is bordered by the Tigris. With an urban area comprising an estimated population of 7 million, it is the largest city in Iraq as well as the second most populous city in the country. Arab world and the Middle East.
Raï is an Algerian musical genre born at the beginning of the 20th century in the Oran region. The exact geographical and historical origins of rai are always subject to controversy and provoke heated debates when a city offers a festival or a celebrity of this musical genre gives his opinion about it.
The Reichsmark was from 1924 to 1948 the official monetary unit of the Weimar Republic, the Third Reich and occupied Germany by Allied forces.
Patrick James Riley, known as Pat Riley, is a former American basketball coach who won five NBA titles as a coach, in addition to another title as a player and one as an assistant coach.
John Dickson-Poynder was a British colonial administrator, governor of New Zealand from June 22, 1910 to December 3, 1912 Policy Portal Policy Portal British Empire Portal British Empire Portal New Zealand Portal Zealand New Zealand Portal
Joko Widodo, known as Jokowi, born in Surakarta on June 21, 1961, is an Indonesian politician, president of the Republic of Indonesia since October 20, 2014.
Corsier-sur-Vevey is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Riviera-Pays-d'Enhaut.
Reinach is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Aargau, located in the district of Kulm. Common origin with the family of the barons of Reinach which is represented in France by the branch "of Reinach Hirtzbach" and in the United States by the branch "of Reinach Werth ”.
County Mayo located on the west coast of Ireland in the province of Connacht, on the border of the counties of Sligo, Galway, and Roscommon. It is the third largest county in the country with an area of ​​5,397 km2 and a population of 130,638 inhabitants according to the 2011 census.
Tom Thacker is a Canadian singer and guitarist. Tom is part of the rock band Gob and since 2007 has been assisting Sum 41 in live performances as guitarist and pianist. He has since become an official member of the band and is featured on the band's latest album, Screaming Bloody Murder. Rock Portal Rock Portal Canada Portal Canada Portal
Why I Love You is a song by Jay-Z and Kanye West, duet with Mr Hudson, from their joint album Watch the Throne.
Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle, is a Chilean politician. He was President of the Republic of Chile from March 11, 1994 to March 11, 2000.
Nunningen is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Solothurn, located in the district of Thierstein.
Songs from the Big Chair is the second studio album by Tears for Fears, released on February 17, 1985.
Saint-Adrien is a municipality in Quebec located in the MRC des Sources in Estrie. Founded in 1878, Saint-Adrien is a village at the center of nature perched in the Appalachians, in Estrie on the border of Bois-Francs. 2006 has 488 inhabitants, or 7.9% less than in 2001.
Valeri Viktorovich Rioumine is a Soviet then Russian cosmonaut, born August 16, 1939.
Post-industrial music defines a variation of related musical genres that emerged in the early 1980s, characterized by a mixture of various sound elements with industrial music. The term “industrial” was first used in the mid-1970s by the musicians of the Industrial Records label. Consequently, a number of labels and musicians are described under the term “industrial”.
The Parliament of Quebec has been the body that has held legislative power in the province of Quebec since 1867.
Sandra Kalniete, born December 22, 1952 in Kolpachevo, is a Latvian politician and woman of letters. She was a member of the Amato group. She belongs to the Unity party.
Zalman Shazar, born November 24, 1889 in Mir in Belarus and died October 5, 1974 in Jerusalem, is an Israeli writer, poet and journalist, whose life was mostly marked by his presidency at the head of the State of Israel. .
TV Asahi Corporation is a Japanese television channel with national coverage based in Roppongi, Tokyo district. It began broadcasting on November 1, 1957.
Nicolas Marceau is a Canadian economist, scholar and politician. He specializes in public finance and economic analysis of law. Member of the Rousseau constituency under the Parti Québécois banner since September 21, 2009, he was Minister of Finance and the Economy of Quebec from September 19, 2012 to April 23, 2014, in the government of Pauline Marois.
União Desportiva de Leiria, commonly abbreviated as UDL or União de Leiria, is a Portuguese football club. Founded in Leiria in June 1966, it is the result of the integration of Sporting Leiriense respectively created in 1936, to form the new club of the city of Leiria. Discreet past of Sporting Clube Leiriense, which evolves mainly in the lowlands of the district. In 1966, the UDL was created and participated for its second season in winning the title of district champion.
Yvon Picotte is a Quebec teacher and politician. He is currently the general manager of the Nouveau Point de vue pavilion, a detoxification center. In 1993, he wrote a book: To transform to transform Quebec.
The French Basketball Cup is a knockout basketball competition organized by the French Basketball Federation. It is also named the Robert Busnel Trophy, named after the basketball player who died in 1991 Robert Busnel.
Saint-Tharcisius is a Canadian agricultural and forestry parish municipality of more than 400 inhabitants located in eastern Quebec in the Matapedia valley in Bas-Saint-Laurent. It was founded in 1937.
Ahmed Ben Bella, born December 25, 1916 in Maghnia near Tlemcen in Oranie, northwest of Algeria not far from the Moroccan border, and died April 11, 2012 in Algiers, is an Algerian independence fighter and an Algerian statesman.
Winchester is the capital city of the county of Hampshire, in the south of England. Situated on the Itchen River, this modest city in the United Kingdom has city status. The ancient Venta belgarum, at the crossroads of six Roman roads, has given way to a prestigious city in the middle of a rural region. It became the great capital of the kingdom of Wessex from the 6th century to the 9th century, then of England until under the first Norman kings in the 11th century.
Donald A. "Don" Manzullo, born March 24, 1944 in Rockford, is an American politician and member of the Republican Party. He represented the Sixteenth District of Illinois in the United States House of Representatives from 1993 to 2013. Candidate for a new term in 2012, he was defeated in the Republican nomination by Representative Adam Kinzinger.
Namida no Niji / SAVE ME is Aya Ueto's 15th single released under the Pony Canyon label on May 30, 2007 in Japan. He reached 17th place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 8,904 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 5 weeks, for a total of 14,858 copies sold.
Nikolaos Kalogeropoulos is a Greek politician, born in 1851 in Chalkis on the island of Euboea and died in 1927. He studied law in Athens and Paris, then was appointed several times ministers in different governments. He was briefly appointed Prime Minister twice in 1916 and in 1921. On February 21, 1921, he led the Greek delegation to the Inter-Allied Conference of Prime Ministers held in London.
Chantal Jouanno, born July 12, 1969 in Vernon, is a French politician and former karateka. Collaborator of Nicolas Sarkozy, she chairs the Environment and Energy Management Agency.
VHK Vsetín is an ice hockey club from Vsetín in the Czech Republic.
Valence is a town in the south-east of France, prefecture of the Drôme department in the Rhône-Alpes region. It is the 5th municipality in this region in terms of its population, with 62,481 inhabitants listed in 2012. The city of Valence is divided into four cantons of which it is the capital. Its inhabitants are called the Valentinois. Located in the heart of the Rhône corridor, Valence is often referred to as "the gateway to the South of France".
Mystério is a fictional, villainous character belonging to the universe of Marvel Comics. Created by screenwriter Stan Lee and cartoonist Steve Ditko, it first appeared in the Amazing Spider-Man # 13 comic book.
Marie-Elisabeth of Sweden was a Swedish princess of the Vasa dynasty born March 10, 1596 at Örebro Castle and died August 7, 1618 at Bråborg Castle. She is Duchess Consort of Östergötland by virtue of her marriage to Prince John of Sweden.
Notre-Dame-des-Monts is a municipality of Quebec located in the MRC of Charlevoix-Est in the Capitale-Nationale region. As its name suggests, the territory of the municipality is dotted with mountains sometimes reaching nearly 1000 mr. The Gouffre river forms its western limit. It covers an area of ​​56 km2.
Corina Cre ţ u is a politician and a Romanian journalist, vice-pr e SPEAKER European Parliament ed by then Commissioner European e uropean to the political r é gionale since 1 November 2014.
Al-Qaeda is an Islamist movement founded by Sheikh Abdullah Yusuf Azzam and his student Osama bin Laden in 1987.
Meredith Willson is an American composer, conductor, flutist, pianist, librettist, lyricist and writer, by his full name Robert Meredith Willson, born May 18, 1902 in Mason City, died June 15, 1984 in Santa Monica.
Arthabaska is a regional county municipality in Quebec, located in the Center-du-Quebec region. It is made up of 23 municipalities and its capital is Victoriaville. Its prefect is Lionel Fréchette.
The Neville family is an English noble house dating back to the Middle Ages. She particularly distinguished herself during the War of the Roses.
Michel Sardou, born January 26, 1947 in Paris, is a French singer, lyricist, composer and actor. Son of actors Fernand Sardou and Jackie Sardou, Michel Sardou is the descendant of a family tradition in the entertainment world since the middle of the XIXth century.
Zofingen is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Aargau, capital of the district of Zofingen.
El Habib Choubani, born in Bejaad in 1963, is a Moroccan politician affiliated to the Justice and Development Party, he has been a member of the town of Errachidia since the legislative elections of September 27, 2002. On January 3, 2012, he was appointed Minister responsible for Relations with Parliament and Civil Society
The Football Club Istres Ouest Provence, also abbreviated as FCIOP, is a French football club founded in 1920. It is the second French club to be listed on the stock exchange with Olympique Lyonnais. The club is chaired by Henry Cremadès.
The Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario is a center-right political party in the Canadian province of Ontario.
This article presents the first season of the American spy series Alias.
The Tahirids are a dynasty that ruled Khorassan from 820 to 872.
Makiko Tanaka, born January 14, 1944 in Bunkyō, but registered with the koseki of the city of Kashiwazaki, is a Japanese politician. She is the daughter of former Prime Minister Kakuei Tanaka. Between 2001 and 2002, she was Minister of Foreign Affairs in the first government of Jun'ichirō Koizumi, the first woman to hold this post in Japan.
Peace Sells ... but Who's Buying? is the second studio album of the group Megadeth released in 1986 on Capitol.
Stephanus Abraham Blok, born December 10, 1964 in Emmeloord is a Dutch politician, member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy. He has been Minister of Housing and Public Administration since November 5, 2012.
Diosdado Cabello Rondón, born April 15, 1963 in El Furrial, is a Venezuelan politician, president of the National Assembly since January 5, 2012.
Ben Edlund, born September 20, 1968 in Pembroke, Massachusetts, is an American cartoonist, screenwriter, director, and television producer.
Slipping Through My Fingers is a song by the pop group ABBA written by Björn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson and released in 1981 on their album, The Visitors. The lyrics are sung by Agnetha Fältskog.
Pensacola is the westernmost city of the Florida Panhandle and the seat of Escambia County, United States.
SOS is the third single from Aerosmith's Get Your Wings album released in 1974. The B-side is made up of the song Lord of the Thighs. It was written by singer Steven Tyler and will often be played alongside Mama Kin in concert.
The House of Mecklenburg is a dynasty in northern Germany, of Slavic origin. Mecklenburg was populated by pagan Slavs. The head of the House of Mecklenburg is Georges-Borwin of Mecklenburg.
James L. Terry is a lieutenant general of the United States Army.
Ursins is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois.
TOP 09, short for Tradice, Odpovědnost, Prosperita 09 is a center-right, conservative, liberal and pro-European Czech political party founded in 2009.
Joseph of Habsburg, born in Vienna on July 26, 1678 and died in the same city on April 17, 1711, was elected king of the Romans on January 24, 1690, then crowned emperor of the Romans under the name of Joseph I, king of Hungary in 1687, King of Bohemia, King of Croatia and Archduke of Austria in 1705. He was the son of Emperor Leopold I and Eleanor of Neuburg.
Langrickenbach is a municipality in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland, located in the district of Kreuzlingen.
Dundee is a township municipality in the regional county municipality of Haut-Saint-Laurent in Quebec, located in the Vallée-du-Haut-Saint-Laurent region in Montérégie ,.
Neeme Järvi is an Estonian conductor, born in Tallinn on June 7, 1937
Johannes Cornelis van Baalen, known as Hans van Baalen, is a Dutch MEP born June 17, 1960 in Rotterdam. He is a member of the People's Liberal and Democratic Party.
Baghdadi Ali al-Mahmoudi, born in 1945, is a Libyan politician.
Isabelle of France, Queen Consort of England, was the only daughter among the surviving children of Philip IV the Fair and his wife Jeanne de Champagne, Queen of Navarre. Queen Isabella was known in her day for her beauty, diplomatic skill and intelligence. Contrary to a widely held belief, she was never nicknamed the "Louve de France" by her contemporaries - an epithet first used by W.
The Hardest Part is a single from Blondie's album Eat to the Beat.
Bremgarten is a town in the canton of Aargau, capital of the district of Bremgarten.
Darrell Thomas Pasloski, born in Winnipeg, Manitoba, is a Canadian politician, currently leader of the Yukon Party since May 28, 2011 and Premier of the Yukon since June 11 of the same year.
Croats are a people living mainly in Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina. They speak Croatian, a Slavic language, and are Roman Rite Catholics.
John D. Caputo is the Thomas J. Watson Professor of Humanities at Syracuse University and the founder of the concept of weak theology, in English Weak Theology.
The Parliament of the French Community of Belgium is the legislative assembly representing the French speakers of Belgium living in the Walloon or Brussels regions.
This article lists the presidents of the Republic of Suriname since its independence on November 25, 1975. Politics portal Politics portal Suriname portal Suriname portal
Fame is a song by David Bowie, co-written with Carlos Alomar and John Lennon, released as a single in 1975 and met with great success in the United States: it was Bowie's first song to reach No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100. It ranks seventeenth in the UK A remixed version, Fame '90, was released as a single in 1990 with the release of the ChangesBowie compilation. The music video for this version was directed by Gus Van Sant.
Blanche de Navarre or Blanche d'évreux. Daughter of Philippe III of Navarre and Joan of France, queen of Navarre. The counties of Longueville and évreux, close to Gisors, were bequeathed to him.
Düsseldorf is a city in western Germany and the capital of the Land of North Rhine-Westphalia. Located mainly on the right bank of the Rhine, it is at the heart of the vast agglomeration of Rhine-Ruhr which has around ten million inhabitants.
In Japan, the Secretary General of the Cabinet, officially translated into English as Chief Cabinet Secretary, is a member of the Cabinet of Japan, who therefore has the rank of Minister of State, responsible for heading the Cabinet Secretariat. Since December 26, 2012, this has been Yoshihide Suga in the 96th Japanese Cabinet headed by Shinzō Abe.
The Scottish Football League Two constitutes the fourth level of the Scottish Football League and is the third competition organized by the Scottish Football League.
WWE SmackDown is a wrestling and sports entertainment television show produced by WWE. Since the inception of the Brand Extension in 2002, SmackDown was a separate division of WWE with its own roster, and was the equivalent of WWE Raw until the Brand Extension was discontinued by WWE in 2011.
Kim, named before the release of the album Bitch So Wrong, is a very controversial song written and performed by rapper Eminem and produced by FBT. It is the 16th track of the album The Marshall Mathers LP released on May 23, 2000. It created controversy because of his lyrics in which Eminem puts himself in the shoes of a madman killing his wife. The controversy was created by the fact that he addressed the song to Kim, his wife's real name at the time.
Mohamed Youssef el-Megaryef, born in 1940, is a Libyan politician, leader of the National Front Party and president of the General National Congress from August 9, 2012 until his resignation on May 28, 2013. Long-time opponent of Muammar Gaddafi, he is considered a moderate Islamist.
Télesphore-Damien Bouchard was a Quebec politician. He was minister in the two governments of Adélard Godbout.
Capital of Moravia is the second largest city in the Czech Republic with a population of 405,000 inhabitants, and is located at the confluence of the rivers Svitava and Svratka.Brno has an airport located in Brno-Tu ř any.
Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson, known by her stage name Katy Perry, is an American pop rock singer, guitarist, songwriter, and actress, born October 25, 1984 in Santa Barbara, California.
Play the Game is a song by the British band Queen written by Freddie Mercury. The first song on the album The Game, it was released as a single in May 1980. Breaking with a tradition that had lasted since the beginning of their career and which stipulated in the covers of each album that no synthesizer had been used, Play the Game is the first song they used this instrument for.
Coulée-des-Adolphe is an unorganized territory of Quebec located in the MRC of La Haute-Gaspésie in Gaspésie – Îles-de-la-Madeleine. Its name was formalized on March 13, 1986 It covers an area of ​​87.68 km2.
Sting, real name Gordon Matthew Thomas Sumner, born October 2, 1951 in Wallsend, near Newcastle, is an English musician and singer, briefly a schoolteacher and occasional film actor. Prior to his solo career, he was the singer, songwriter and bassist for The Police.
Torpedo Jodzina is a Belarusian football club based in Jodzina.
Franz Blücher, born March 24, 1896 in Essen and died March 26, 1959 in Bad Godesberg, was a West German politician of liberal ideology; after helping to found the Liberal Democratic Party, he was elected Federal President. in 1949, becoming at the same time Vice-Chancellor of Germany and Federal Minister for Marshall Plan Affairs.
Lejeune is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Témiscouata in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent.This municipality forms with Saint-Juste-du-Lac and Auclair, further west, the Jal, a geographic region whose territory is located east of Lake Témiscouata. Colonized in 1931, this territory will be set up as a municipality in 1964 under the name of Saint-Godard-de-Lejeune.
The county of Västra Götaland, name meaning "Western Gothia", is a Swedish county located on the west coast of the country. It is neighboring the counties of Värmland, Örebro, Östergötland, Jönköping and Halland. It also shares a border with the Norwegian county of Østfold, and borders the lakes Vättern and Vänern. It was created in 1998 by the merger of the former counties of Göteborgs och Bohus, Älvsborg and Skaraborg. Its capital is Gothenburg where resides the prefect.
Keith Claudius Mitchell, born November 12, 1946, is a Grenadian politician. He was Prime Minister of Grenada from 1995 to 2008, then again since February 20, 2013.
Hermetschwil-Staffeln is a town and former Swiss municipality in the canton of Aargau, located in the district of Bremgarten.
Wincrange is a Luxembourg locality and the capital of the municipality bearing the same name located in the canton of Clervaux and the district of Diekirch. It is the municipality of Luxembourg which has the largest surface area.
American Airlines is an American airline. It operates domestic and international flights on four continents, from its numerous hubs in Dallas-Fort Worth, Los Angeles, New York / JFK, Miami and Chicago O'Hare. In 2010, it was the 3rd largest airline in the world.
St George's Chapel is the 15th-century Anglican royal chapel in the Gothic style of Windsor Castle. It is dedicated to Saint George, patron saint of England. It depends directly on the British Crown, is the official chapel of the Order of the Garter and is located in the lower part of the castle, one of the three official places of residence of Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom.
The city of Springfield is the capital of the state of Illinois, United States, and the seat of Sangamon County. It is located 139 km north-northeast of St. Louis and 283 km southwest of Chicago. In 2015, according to the United States Census Bureau, Springfield had a population of 116,250, and more than 208,000 for its metropolitan area. Although it is the state capital, it often remains in the shadow of Chicago, the main city in the state and third in the country in terms of population.
Rémi Paul was a lawyer and a provincial and federal politician in Quebec.
STS-51-J was the 1st Space Shuttle Atlantis mission. She transported a load for the US Department of Defense.
Palm Springs is a municipality in Riverside County in southern California in the United States. With a population of approximately 44,500 inhabitants in 2010, the city is renowned as a resort, especially with the LGBT community, as well as for its golf courses, tennis, horseback riding, cycling and hiking in the surrounding areas. surrounding desert and mountain areas.
Fargo is an American city located in the state of North Dakota. With 124,662 inhabitants according to 2019 estimates, it is the most populous city in the state, although it is not its capital, which is Bismarck.
Diemtigen is a municipality in the canton of Bern in Switzerland, located in the administrative district of Frutigen-Lower Simmental.
The Colorado Rockies are a North American ice hockey franchise. The team played in the National Hockey League between 1976 and 1982 in the city of Denver, Colorado. The franchise is actually a continuation of the Kansas City Scouts, founded in 1974.
Jorge Milton Capitanich is an Argentine Justicialist Party politician who has served as Chief of the Cabinet of Ministers since 2013. He is from Chaco Province and formerly served as governor of that province. Before that, he represented the Chaco Province in the Argentina Senate from 10 October 2001 to 12 September 2007.
Don't Sit Down 'Cause I've Moved Your Chair is the debut single from indie rock band Arctic Monkeys from the album Suck It and See released on April 12, 2011.
Yevgeny Vassilievich Khrunov is a Soviet cosmonaut, born September 10, 1933 and died May 19, 2000.
Princeton is an American city in New Jersey located in Mercer County. Princeton University has been present in this city since 1746. Although Princeton is a university town, there are many other important points of interest in the vicinity of the city that add to its economic strength.
Popular for Italy is an Italian political party founded by Mario Mauro on February 8, 2014. Its name refers to the European People's Party. He refuses the populism of Forza Italia. For the European elections of 2014, he allies himself with the New Center-Right and the Union of Center. Portal of politics Portal of politics Portal of Italy Portal of Italy
Life in the Fast Lane is a song by the group Eagles. It appeared on the 1976 album Hotel California. This song is the 3rd single released for this album, and reached 11th place on the Billboard Hot 100. Music Portal Music Portal • Song section rock Rock portal
Örebro HK is an ice hockey club from Örebro, Sweden. He plays in SHL, the Swedish elite.
Reitnau is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Aargau in the district of Zofingue.
Just the Way You Are is a song performed by American singer Bruno Mars, and the first single from his debut studio album, Doo-Wops & Hooligans. The single was released in the US on July 20, 2010. The track was also received in airplay format by the new pop station AOL Radio.
Mezzovico-Vira is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Ticino, located in the district of Lugano.
Something 'bout the Kiss is Namie Amuro's 13th regular single released on the Avex Trax label, or the 15th under her name alone including those of the Toshiba-EMI label.
Tienen is a Dutch-speaking city in Belgium located in the Flemish Region in the province of Flemish Brabant. The city has 32,340 inhabitants. Tienen covers more than 7,000 ha and is located on the Grande Gette. This river was made navigable in 1525 to the city itself, which made Léau lose much influence. Tienen is also the main historical brand of sugar in Belgium, like Béghin-Say in France.
Branko Crvenkovski, born October 12, 1962 in Sarajevo, is a Macedonian politician, president of the government on two occasions, then President of the Republic from May 12, 2004 to May 12, 2009 Branko Crvenkovski studied automatic engineering and graduated graduated from Saints Cyril and the Methodist University of Skopje in 1986.
21st Century Schizoid Man is a song by the progressive rock band King Crimson. This is the first song from their debut album, In the Court of the Crimson King, released in 1969.
Yánis Varoufákis, born March 24, 1961 in Athens, is a Greek economist and politician specializing in game theory.
Isaac II Angel, is a Byzantine emperor, son of Andronicus Angel and Euphrosyne Kastamonides. He is a great-grandson of Alexis I Comnenus.
Soyuz TMA-6 was a Soyuz mission that took place in 2005.
The Armed Forces of the Russian Federation were established on May 7, 1992 by a decree of President Yeltsin which placed all the forces of the former Soviet Army present on Russian territory under the command of the new Russian Ministry of Defense. According to article 87 of the Constitution, the President of the Russian Federation is the Supreme Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces.
Black Dog is a song by Led Zeppelin taken from the album Led Zeppelin IV, released in 1971. It was the first single from the album, released on December 2, 1971, starring Misty Mountain Hop on the B side.
Omdurman is the largest city in Sudan, located opposite the capital Khartoum on the Nile. It had 1.2 million inhabitants in 1993. Together with Khartoum and Bahri, it forms the cultural and industrial center of the country.
Frank Jensen, born May 28, 1961, is a Danish politician from the Danish Social Democratic Party. Since January 1, 2010, he has been the mayor of Copenhagen, succeeding Ritt Bjerregaard.
Buffalo is a city located in western New York State in the United States on Lake Erie near Niagara Falls. Its population is 261,025. It is the second most populous city in the state after New York and the seat of the Township of Erie.
I Will Be is a song first sung by Canadian singer Avril Lavigne, composed by Lukasz Gottwald and Max Martin and recorded by Lavigne in 2007 and is also included on her 3rd album The Best Damn Thing. Then the British singer Leona Lewis the cover for her album Spirit.
By The Sword is a song from guitarist Slash's album Slash sung by Andrew Stockdale of the band Wolfmother. This song was released as a single on March 16, 2010.
Ithaca is a municipality and the county seat of Tompkins County, New York, United States. It is the main metropolitan area of ​​the Ithaca-Tompkins County metropolitan area. The metropolitan area of ​​Ithaca occupies the southern shore of Cayuga Lake in central New York State.
Cirrus Minor is a song by Pink Floyd, featured on the album More. This is the first track on the album. The song, written by Roger Waters, is sung by David Gilmour. Accompanied by the acoustic guitar and the Farfisa organ, we can hear many birdsong, which gives a hallucinogenic, almost pastoral atmosphere. These same bird songs are very close to those present in the tracks Grantchester Meadows and Sysyphus from the album Ummagumma.
Ladislas Odonic was Duke of Wielkopolskie. Son of Odon of Poznań, father of Przemysl I and Boleslas the Pious, he belongs to the Piast dynasty.
Taganrog is a port and industrial city in Rostov Oblast, Russia. Its population was 254,783 inhabitants in 2013 and the agglomeration with the suburbs to 325,000 inhabitants.
Snåsa Station is a railway station on the Nordland Line serving the village of Snåsa in Snåsa, Norway. It opened in 1926 when the Nordland Line was completed up to this point from Trondheim. The station has been unstaffed since 1984.
ar: ولاية وهران The wilaya of Oran ,, is an Algerian administrative subdivision with the capital of the eponymous city located in the north-west of the country. It is populated by 1,454,078 inhabitants in 2008 for an area of ​​2,114 km2, it is bordered to the east by the wilaya of Mostaganem, to the south-east by that of Mascara, to the south-west by that of Sidi-Bel -Abbès and to the west by that of Aïn Témouchent. Its telephone code is +213 41. 
Redange-sur-Attert, sometimes abbreviated as Redange, is a Luxembourgish locality, capital of the town and canton of Redange.
René de Chalon Latinized in Renatus de Chalon, prince of Orange, count of Nassau and lord of Bréda, succeeded in 1540 to the irremovable count of Hoogstrate as stadtholder for Charles V of the counties of Holland and Zealand, as well as of temporality from Utrecht; after the reconquest of the Duchy of Gelderland in 1543, he was also invested with this government.
Aston Martin is an English luxury and racing car brand, created in 1913 by Lionel Martin and Robert Bamford. Based in Gaydon, Warwickshire, it has been a subsidiary of Prodrive since 2007.
Sehnsucht is the second album from the Neue Deutsche Härte Rammstein band. It was released on August 22, 1997. In France, it rose to the 76th best-selling album during the week of February 13 to 19, 2005, eight years after its official release.
Rear Admiral Kevin John Scarce is a retired officer and since August 8, 2007 the thirty fourth Governor of South Australia. He was born in Adelaide in 1952 and enlisted in the Navy in 1968. He fought in the Vietnam War. In 1975, he married Elizabeth Anne Taylor.
Laura Kaarina Räty, born September 14, 1977 in Äänekoski, is a Finnish politician and member of the National Coalition Party. She has been Minister of Health since June 24, 2014.
Louis de Bourbon, born in Madrid on April 25, 1974 is known, following his father and his grandfather, under the title of "Duke of Anjou", carried by their ancestor Philippe de France, grandson of King Louis XIV and King of Spain under the name of Philippe V. Since January 30, 1989, he is the head of the elder branch of the House of Bourbon and is considered by his supporters, the Legitimists, as the heir of the Crown of France under the name of "Louis XX".
The 1986 International Exposition or Expo 86, officially The 1986 World Exposition on Transportation is held in Vancouver, British Columbia from May 2 to October 13, 1986.
The wilaya of Tamanrasset,, is an Algerian wilaya located in the center of the Sahara, in the extreme south of Algeria.
Macintosh or Mac is a series of different families of personal computers designed, developed, and sold by Apple. The first Macintosh, the Macintosh 128K, was released on January 24, 1984. It was the first commercial success for a computer using a mouse and a graphical interface. The Macintosh replaced the Apple II as Apple's main product.
Lansing is an American city, capital of the state of Michigan, located on the Grande River, northwest of Detroit. Its population, which amounted to 114,297 inhabitants in the 2010 census, was estimated at 118,427 inhabitants in 2018.
George Lynch is an American musician, born September 28, 1954 in the United States, former guitarist of the heavy metal band Dokken.
Sophie of Bohemia, also known as Princess-Electress Sophie of Hanover, is the fifth daughter of Frederick V of the Palatinate and Elizabeth of England. She was born in 1630 and died in 1714 on June 8.
Paolo Bertoli is an Italian cardinal of the Catholic Church, prefect of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints from 1969 to 1973 and camerling from 1979 to 1985.
Yen Chia-kan, born October 23, 1905, in Suzhou, Jiangsu Province, China, and died December 24, 1993 in Taipei, is a politician from the Republic of China. Vice-president of Tchang Kaï-chek, he became in 1975, on the latter's death, the President of the Republic.
Albrandswaard is a Dutch municipality located in the province of South Holland. As of May 1, 2014, it had 25,036 inhabitants over an area of ​​23.76 km2. The municipality is made up of the villages of Poortugaal, Rhoon and, since 2000, Portland. The municipality was created on January 1, 1985 by the merger of Rhoon and Poortugaal. It borrowed its name from the former municipality of Albrantswaard in Kijvelanden, located in the same region.
Princess Ariadne of the Netherlands, Princess of Orange-Nassau, born April 10, 2007 at Bronovo Hospital in The Hague, is the third daughter of King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands and Queen Máxima. Princess Ariadne occupies third place in the order of succession to the throne of the Netherlands.
Pia Merete Kjærsgaard is a Danish politician. President of the nationalist party Danish People's Party between 1995 and 2012, she has been a Member of Parliament since 1984.
Kylie Ann Minogue, simply Kylie Minogue, nicknamed the Princess of Pop Music, is an Australian singer and actress, born May 28, 1968 in Melbourne, Australia. Kylie Minogue earned her first celebrity stripes in the 1980s thanks to her role on the Australian soap Neighbors, before starting a career as a pop singer. According to Warner Music Australia, she has sold more than 110 million records worldwide.
No One Like You is a song by German hard rock band Scorpions which appears on Blackout, the band's first album to achieve great international success.
50 ° 59 'N 67 ° 18' E / 50.98, 67.3Soyouz TMA-4 é was a Soyuz in to the International Space Station.
Charles-Emmanuel I of Savoy, known as the Great, born at the castle of Rivoli on January 12, 1562, died in Savigliano on July 26, 1630, was Duke of Savoy and Prince of Piedmont from 1580 to 1630. He was son of Emmanuel-Philibert, Duke of Savoy and Prince of Piedmont, and Marguerite of France.
Jean Rochon is a Quebec politician and a former PQ minister in the governments of Jacques Parizeau, Lucien Bouchard and Bernard Landry.
Louise Alexandra Marie Irene, Queen of Sweden, was the second wife of King Gustaf VI Adolf of Sweden.
The World Touring Car Championship is a motor racing championship. It is one of the four world championships approved and organized by the FIA, along with Formula 1, the World Rally Championship or WRC and the World Endurance Championship or WEC. It opposes cars of great production, called "tourism".
Vaz / Obervaz is a municipality in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland, located in the region of Albula. Vaz is the Romansh name of the town, Obervaz the German name.
The Warsaw School of Business Studies is a Polish public higher education and research institution specializing in economics, business and governance, and is one of the best-ranked Grandes Ecoles in international rankings in its field,
Dreaming is the first single from Blondie's fourth album Eat to the Beat.
In Between Days is a single from The Cure released on July 9, 1985.The song is the first single from the album The Head on the Door.
Ouled Ahmed Timmi is a municipality in the wilaya of Adrar in Algeria.
Ennahdha or movement Ennahdha, meaning Renaissance Movement, is a Tunisian Islamist political party. It was founded on June 6, 1981 under the name of Movement of the Islamic tendency before changing its name in February 1989. Long banned, it was legalized on June 6, 1981. March 1, 2011 by the government of national unity established after the flight of President Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali.
Giuseppe Bertello, born October 1, 1942 in Foglizzo, Piedmont, is an Italian cardinal, president of the Governorate of Vatican City State and of the Pontifical Commission for Vatican City State since October 2011.
Gáldar is a municipality in the province of Las Palmas, in the Canary Islands. It is located in the northwest of the island of Gran Canaria and located in the west of Las Palmas de Gran Canaria and in the northwest of Puerto Rico.
Crossroad is Ayumi Hamasaki's 49th original single released under the Avex Trax label, excluding re-releases, remixes, digital singles, and her very first single released under another label.
The Federal Assembly is the legislative power and the supreme authority of Switzerland. It brings together two Chambers of equal importance: the National Council, which represents the people.
The canton of St. Gallen is one of the 26 cantons of Switzerland. Its capital is St. Gallen.
The Ergilio Hato Stadion is a multi-sports stadium located in Willemstad, Curaçao. With a capacity of 15,000 seats, it is the largest stadium on the island. He was baptized under the name of Sentro Deportivo Korsou Ergilio Hato in tribute to the famous goalkeeper Ergilio Hato, who died in 2003.
Mont-Apica is an unorganized territory of Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of Lac-Saint-Jean-Est, in the administrative region of Saguenay – Lac-Saint-Jean. It is also the name of the mountain in its center and of the disused military base found there.
Brent Scowcroft, born March 19, 1925 in Ogden, is an American general in the US Air Force. He participated or collaborated in several republican administrations. He was thus military adviser under the presidency of Richard Nixon then adviser to national security under the presidencies of Gerald Ford and George HW Bush.
Longview is a song by the American punk rock band Green Day and the first single from their third album, Dookie, released in 1994. She is famous for her bassline and for the phrase "When masturbation lost its fun, you're fucking lonely "The song features someone bored at home. The song was nominated for a Grammy for Best Hard Rock Performance in 1995.
Ancient Ruthenian was among the Eastern Slavic languages, such as Russian, Ukrainian, and Belarusian. This language is now extinct. A quarrel agitates linguists and nationalists of various persuasions as to whether or not it belongs to the Ukrainian language. From this ancient language were born Ukrainian and present-day modern Rusyn.
Craig William Hartsburg is a professional ice hockey player.
The Parish of Canning is both a civil parish and a Canadian local service district in Queens County, New Brunswick. The DSL includes the taxing authorities of Douglas Harbor and Newcastle Creek.
Destiny Hope Cyrus, known as Miley Ray Cyrus, born November 23, 1992 in Nashville, Tennessee, is an American actress, singer, songwriter, dancer, musician, and voice actress. She is best known for playing Miley Stewart / Hannah Montana in the Hannah Montana series. She also sang for her series albums: Hannah Montana and Hannah Montana 2: Meet Miley Cyrus.
Special Needs is a song by the rock band Placebo. This is the eighth track from the Sleeping with Ghosts album. She was released as a single on September 15, 2003 Appeared for the first time on the album Sleeping with Ghosts, her composition had yet started when the band was writing the second album Without You I'm Nothing.
Bertogne is a French-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Walloon Region in the province of Luxembourg, as well as a locality where its administration is located.
Lester Bryant Bird is an Antiguan politician and member of the Antigua Labor Party, Prime Minister of Antigua and Barbuda from 1994 to 2004.
Saint-Adelme is a parish municipality in the province of Quebec, Canada. It is located in the regional county municipality of La Matanie, in Bas-Saint-Laurent.
Vladimir Aleksandrovich Chatalov is a Soviet cosmonaut, born December 8, 1927.
This page lists the mayors of Reykjavik Iceland Portal Iceland Portal Politics Portal Politics Portal
Dosquet is a municipality that is part of the regional county municipality of Lotbinière in Quebec, itself located in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches. It is named in honor of Bishop Pierre-Herman Dosquet.Dosquet is located 11 kilometers south of Highway 20.
Marija Šerifovi ć is a Serbian singer n e e 14 November 1984 in Kragujevac. She gained ed the Eurovision Song Contest 2007. She is the daughter of singer Verica Š erifovi æ Romano-Serb or Roma-Serbian and Rajko Šerifovi ć , a Serb.
Itäkeskus is a section of the Vartiokylä district of Helsinki, the capital of Finland.
Jean Gaston Darboux, born August 14, 1842 in Nîmes and died February 23, 1917 in Paris, is a French mathematician.
The Groupe des écoles Centrales, previously called Intergroupe des écoles Centrales, is a group of engineering schools created in 1990 associating: the école Centrale Paris, the école centrale de Lille, the école centrale de Lyon, the école Centrale de Marseille, école centrale de Nantes, école centrale de Pékin, Mahindra école Centrale, école Centrale de Casablanca in order to increase their influence, both in France and internationally, and promote the Central Engineer training program.
Kia is the name of a South Korean automobile manufacturer, established in 1944, with factories in South Korea, the United States and Europe.
Tr ườ ng Chinh, is a Vietnamese Communist politician and theorist.
Philippe Saint-André, born April 19, 1967 in Romans-sur-Isère, is a French international rugby union player and coach. He has been the coach of the French rugby union team since December 1, 2011.
The Dove is a small constellation in the southern hemisphere, located south of the Canary Islands and the Hare.
Osijek-Baranja County is a county in Croatia located in the north-eastern part of Slavonia and Baranja. The center and seat of the county is Osijek.
The French department of Côtes-d'Armor, formerly called Côtes-du-Nord until 1990, is located in Brittany. INSEE and La Poste give it code 22.
Thug Life: Volume 1 is the third studio album by Tupac Shakur, produced with the group Thug Life and released on September 26, 1994. Initially, the opus was to include about twenty tracks but Interscope decided to delete half of them considered too explicit.
Saint-Colomban is a city in Quebec located in the MRC of La Rivière-du-Nord in the Laurentians region. The municipality changed its status from parish municipality to that of municipality on January 17, 2009.
Charles Joseph Bonaparte, born June 9, 1851 in Baltimore and died June 28, 1921 in Baltimore County, is an American politician and the grand-nephew of Napoleon I.
The Chilean Football Championship is an annual football competition contested between Chilean clubs.
Kirchberg is a municipality in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland, located in the district of Toggenburg.
Namie Amuro, is a famous Jpop / R'n'B singer in Asia, ex-actress and Japanese idol in the 1990s. She debuted in 1992 with the idol group Super Monkey's as lead singer, without much success.
Welschenrohr is a municipality in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, located in the district of Thal.
Paris is a live Supertramp album released in 1980. It was recorded at the Paris Pavilion on November 29, 1979 during the Breakfast in America promotional tour. Some songs were played but were not kept on the album: "Oh Darling", "Goodbye Stranger", "Downstream", "Even In The Quietest Moments", "Give a Little Bit" and "Another Man's Woman ". But these titles are now available on the Deluxe Breakfast in America edition.
Yuri Nikolaevich Glazkov is a Soviet cosmonaut, born October 2, 1939 and died December 9, 2008.
Georgia is a state in the southern United States, bordered on the west by Alabama, on the north by Tennessee and North Carolina, on the east by South Carolina and the Atlantic Ocean, and on the south by Florida. Its capital is Atlanta.
The Almoravids are a Sanhajian Berber dynasty, which from the 11th century to the 12th century constitutes a confederation of tribes then an empire encompassing Morocco, Mauritania, western Algeria as well as part of the Iberian peninsula and Mali.
The twenty-seventh season of the animated television series The Simpsons airs in the United States between September 27, 2015 and May 22, 2016 on the Fox Network. In France, it has been broadcast since October 6, 2018 on W9 which, with this season, ensures for the first time the exclusive international broadcast of the French version. In Belgium, the RTL group, the group which broadcasts the series, seems to have ceased the broadcast of the series since July 2016 after season 26. However, the broadcast of season 27 will be provided by RTBF from December 4, 2020 on the Tipik chain.
Mondher Zenaidi, born October 24, 1950 in Tunis, is a Tunisian politician.
Scream is a horror film series directed by Wes Craven, written by Kevin Williamson and Ehren Kruger. It is inspired by the Halloween saga and Gainesville's ripper Danny Rolling, and is drawn from several real-life stories.Scream 3 is the only film in the series that was not written by Kevin Williamson because he was busy with his Wasteland series.
Alphonso Michael Espy said Mike Espy, born November 30, 1953 in Yazoo City, is an American politician. A member of the Democratic Party, he was representative of Mississippi between 1987 and 1993, then Secretary of Agriculture between 1993 and 1994 in the administration of President Bill Clinton.
Jeanne II of France, Queen of Navarre, born January 28, 1311 and died October 6, 1349, is the daughter of the King of France and Navarre Louis X the Hutin and Marguerite of Burgundy. She was Queen of Navarre from 1328 to 1349.
Adrar, is a municipality in the wilaya of Adrar, of which it is the capital, located 1,400 km southwest of Algiers.
The Brazilian Serie D football Championship is the fourth level in the hierarchy of Brazilian football. The first edition of this championship takes place in 2009. Serie D brings together 40 teams, i.e. the four relegated Serie C teams and 36 clubs from of the various Brazilian state football championships, the estaduais campeonatos.
Ashford is a large modern city in the County of Kent in England, is also the capital of the Borough of Ashford, Ashford is about 90 km from London. It is located close to the Channel Tunnel. Ashford International station is one of the Eurostar stops. The British government plans to build many more houses in the city and double the population in a few years.
The wilaya of Oum El Bouaghi, is an Algerian wilaya, resulting from the administrative division of 1974 when it depended on the former department of Constantine.
Craven Cottage is a football stadium located in the south west suburbs of London. This is the home grounds of the Fulham Football Club. It is served by the Putney Bridge underground station which is on the District line. This 25,700-seat stadium was inaugurated on October 10, 1896. The attendance record was 49,335 spectators on October 8, 1938 for a championship match. of D2 Fulham Football Club-Millwall FC.
Lulzim Basha, born June 12, 1974, is an Albanian politician.
Laos, in the long form Lao People's Democratic Republic, also translated as Laos People's Democratic Republic is a landlocked country in Southeast Asia, surrounded by Burma and China to the northwest, Thailand to the west, Cambodia to the south and Vietnam to the east.
Omaha is served by Eppley Airport from Omaha.
Modibo Keïta, born July 31, 1942 in Koulikoro, and died January 2, 2021 in Bamako, is a Malian statesman.
Tancredo de Almeida Neves is a Brazilian politician born in São João del-Rei. He was elected President of the Federative Republic of Brazil in 1985 but died before he could take up his post.
Philippe Duron, born June 19, 1947 in Antony, is a French politician, member of the Socialist Party. He was the president of the regional council of Basse-Normandie from 2004 to 2008, mayor of Louvigny from 2004 to 2008, mayor of Caen and president of the agglomeration community of Caen-la-Mer from 2008 to 2014. He is currently deputy of Calvados.
Ian Thomas Garner MacKaye, born April 16, 1962, is an American singer and guitarist. Active since 1979 MacKaye is best known for his participation in the highly influential punk rock groups Minor Threat and Fugazi. He is also known for his participation in the group Embrace and the duo The Evens.
City of Angels is a single from the group Thirty Seconds to Mars. It is from the album Love, Lust, Faith and Dreams released in May 2013. After appearing at No. 33 on the UK Rock Chart, the song was released as a promotional single on July 30, 2013. In the video, Celebrity testimonials are included about Los Angeles.
Marie Christine Caroline Adélaïde Françoise Léopoldine d'Orléans - known as Marie d'Orléans -, French princess and, by her marriage, Duchess of Württemberg, was born in Palermo on April 12, 1813 and died in Pisa on January 6, 1839. Member of the Capetian house of Orleans, he is a personality of the July Monarchy and a renowned sculptor.
Kurt Donald Cobain is an American musician who was born February 20, 1967 in Aberdeen, Washington, and died April 5, 1994 in Seattle, Washington, and is the lead vocalist and guitarist for the group Nirvana, formed in 1987 with Krist Novoselic. Within two years, the group became a mainstay of the then emerging Seattle grunge scene.
78violet is a singing duo made up of sisters Alyson Renae "Aly" Michalka and Amanda Joy "AJ" Michalka. They were born in Torrance, California, but it was in Seattle that they grew up. They are also actresses, authors and guitarists.
Penthaz is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Gros-de-Vaud. Cited in 1011, the town was part of the district of Cossonay between 1798 and 2007. It was populated by 1654 inhabitants in 2013.
Young Lust is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd that appeared on the 1979 album The Wall. It was the first song on the album written jointly by Roger Waters and David Gilmour. The lyrics were written by Waters and the music was composed by him and Gilmour.
Augusto César de Almeida de Vasconcelos Correia, GCSE, better known as Augusto de Vasconcelos was a Portuguese physician, politician and diplomat.
Libreville, the political and administrative capital of Gabon, the country's largest city in terms of population, is the capital of the province of the Estuary. Its population is estimated at 797,003 inhabitants in 2012, it is the most populous city in Gabon. The number of Librevillois perhaps exceeds this statistic due to uncontrolled immigration.
Princess Marie-Thérèse of Bourbon-Siciles, born January 15, 1867 in Zurich and died March 1, 1909 in Cannes, was from 1905 to 1909 a princess consort of Hohenzollern.
Luiz Inácio Lula da Silvaaudio, born October 6, 1945 is a Brazilian statesman, President of the Federative Republic of Brazil from 2003 to 2011, named Personality of the Year in 2009 by the newspaper Le Monde, he is ranked the the following year by Time as the most influential leader in the world.
I Will Always Love You is an American country song composed, written and performed by Dolly Parton and released in 1974. The 1992 version by Whitney Houston achieved much greater success than the original version.
Pontiac is a city located in the state of Michigan, United States. In the 2000 census, it had 66,337 inhabitants. Pontiac has been the seat of Oakland County since March 28, 1820. This city is often considered a suburb of Detroit, although it contains a significant industrial sector.
Eiken is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Frederick I of Hohenstaufen, known as Frederick Barbarossa, was Germanic Roman Emperor, King of the Romans, King of Italy, Duke of Swabia and Duke of Alsace, Count Palatine of Burgundy. Born around 1122 in Waiblingen or Weingarten near Ravensburg, Frédéric is a prince of the Hohenstaufen dynasty, Duke of Swabia from 1147 to 1152 under the name of Frederick III. He was elected King of the Romans in 1152 and crowned Germanic Emperor in 1155.
Beaconsfield is a city in the agglomeration of Montreal in the administrative region of the same name, in Quebec, Canada. The city has a population of 19,484 inhabitants in 2013.
Andry Rajoelina, born May 30, 1974 in Antsirabe, is a Malagasy businessman and politician, mayor of Antananarivo from December 12, 2007 to February 3, 2009 then president of the High Transitional Authority of the Republic of Madagascar from March 17, 2009 until January 25, 2014. March 16, 2009, following numerous demonstrations orchestrated by Andry Rajoelina.
Saint-Rosaire is a parish municipality of Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Arthabaska and the administrative region of Center-du-Quebec. It is named in honor of the rosary.
STS-39 is the twelfth flight of the Discovery space shuttle.
The Kingdom of Jerusalem arose from the First Crusade and the capture of Jerusalem. Godefroy de Bouillon was its first sovereign, but contented himself with the title of attorney of the Holy Sepulcher. It was first necessary to fight a first Fatimid counter-attack, which was beaten in Ascalon on August 12, 1099. The kingdom was limited to the cities of Jerusalem and Bethlehem, to the port of Jaffa and to the road connecting Jerusalem and Jaffa.
On A Plain is a song by the American rock band Nirvana. It is the 11th track of their 1991 album, Nevermind and it is also part of the live MTV album Unplugged in New York. It is a "plaintive and harmonious" ballad on which Cobain practices humor and self-deprecation. by slipping into the lyrics that the song doesn't make sense, that he doesn't know what he's trying to say and that he can finally go home after having sent a final message.
Who Are You is a Who single from the 1978 album Who Are You. It was released as a double A-side single, with John Entwistle Had Enough's composition on the other side.
Pépin III called "the Short", born in 715 and died on September 24, 768 in Saint-Denis near Paris, is a Frankish aristocrat of the Carolingian dynasty. He is the son of Charles Martel and he is the father of Charlemagne. He is mayor of the palace from 741 to 751, then king of the Franks from 751 to 768. He is the first monarch of the Carolingian dynasty.
Vermes is a locality and a former Swiss municipality in the canton of Jura.
Janusz J ę drzejewicz n e 21 June 1885 to Spiczy ń it died March 16, 1951 in London is a Polish politician. He was Prime Minister of Poland from May 1933 to May 1934.
Oita Trinita is a Japanese football club based in Oita in the homonymous prefecture and playing in J. League 2. The name of the team Trinita can be considered as a combination of the English words Trinity and Oita or of the Italian word trinità. Its ground is the Oita Stadium also called Big Eye and is used as well for the matches of football as those of rugby union.
Manuel Azaña Díaz was a Spanish politician, President of the Council from 1931 to 1933 and second and last President of the Second Republic from 1936 to 1939.
Waterloo Sunset is a song composed by Ray Davies of the Kinks in 1967. Released as a single in May 1967, it directly reached second place on the British "charts". Centerpiece of the album Something Else by the Kinks, the song reflects a profound Literary melancholy and a keen sense of melody. Raymond Davies was originally looking for a song whose description of the landscape reflected his thinking.
Saint-Nicolas is a French-speaking commune in Belgium located in the Walloon region in the province of Liège.It owes its name to the erection, around 1147, of a sanctuary, consecrated by the bishop of Liège, Henri II de Leez, on 22 July 1151, dedicated to Saint Nicholas. This sanctuary quickly became a priory, dependent on the Saint-Laurent abbey, under the name of the chapel of Saint-Nicolas-en-Glain.
Fairfax County is a county in the northern state of Virginia. In 2005, its population was 1,041,200 making it the most populous county in Virginia. It belongs to the metropolitan area of ​​Baltimore-Washington DC.The county has an area of ​​1,050 km2.
Vladimir Borissovich Rouchaïlo, born June 28, 1953 in Morchansk, in Tambov oblast, is a Russian politician.
Let There Be Rock is AC / DC's 4th album released in March 1977 in Australia and June 23, 1977 under another version in the rest of the world.
King is a song by the British group Years and Years released in February 2015. The title is taken from their debut album Communion.
Constantine D ă sc ă lescu was the last Prime Minister of r é regime of Nicolae Ceau ş escu of 21 March 1982 to 22 d é December 1989. After è s r e Romanian revolution of 1989 and the end of the R ed public socialist in Romania, he is tried and sentenced to life imprisonment.
Françoise Marie Amélie d'Orléans, “Duchess of Chartres” through her husband Robert d'Orléans, was born on August 14, 1844 in Neuilly-sur-Seine and died at the Chateau de Saint-Firmin on October 28, 1925. She is a member of the House of Orleans.
Cécilie Augusta Marie de Mecklenburg-Schwerin, born September 20, 1886 in Schwerin, died May 6, 1954 in Bad Kissingen is Duchess of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, then by marriage becomes Princess Royal of Prussia.
René Arnoux is a French racing driver born July 4, 1948 in Pontcharra. He was notably a Formula 1 driver from 1978 to 1989. He totaled 162 races, 18 pole positions, 22 podiums and 7 Grand Prix victories.
Judson Harmon, born February 3, 1846 and died February 22, 1927, is an American jurist who served as United States Attorney General from 1895 to 1897 in the Cleveland administration before becoming governor of Ohio from 1909 to 1913. Judson Harmon was also a candidate for the Democratic nomination for the presidential election of 1912, however won by Woodrow Wilson.
Bätterkinden is a municipality in the canton of Bern in Switzerland, located in the administrative district of Emmental.
Marcus Aurelius is a Roman Emperor, as well as a Stoic philosopher who led the Roman Empire at its height. He comes to power on March 7, 161 and reigns until his death which corresponds to the end of the Pax Romana. Marcus Annius Verus takes, after his adoption by the emperor Antoninus the Pious, the name of Marcus Ælius Aurelius Verus.
Always Be My Baby is a song by American artist Mariah Carey from her fifth studio album, Daydream. It was released as a single on March 9, 1996 under the Columbia Records label. The song is written by Jermaine Dupri and Manuel Seal who also produced the track. In this moderate-tempo song, the lyrics describe the character's sense of attachment and bonding towards their boyfriend even though they are no longer together.
The Sassanid Empire, officially known as the Empire of the Iranians, and also referred to as the Neo-Persian Empire by historians3, is the designation for the last Persian imperial dynasty to exist before the Arab-Muslim conquest in the mid-7th century.
Richard Russell Rick Riordan Jr, born June 5, 1964 in San Antonio, Texas, is an American writer. He is the author of the series Percy Jackson, Heroes of Olympus, The Chronicles of Kane, Tres Navarre and he helped write Demigods and Monsters, a collection of essays on the subject of his Percy Jackson series.
Christa Markwalder, born July 27, 1975 in Berthoud, originally from Würenlos and Zurich is a Swiss politician, member of the Liberal-Radical Party.
Valeyres-sous-Rances is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois.
Soyuz 26 is a Soyuz program mission that took place between December 1977 and January 1978.
Like a Boy is a song by American singer Ciara from her second studio album, titled Ciara: The Evolution. The track was released as the album's third single on February 13, 2007. Written by Ciara Harris, Candice Nelson, Balewa Muhammad, Keri Hilson, Patrick M. Smith, Ezekiel Lewis and Calvin Kenon, it is produced by Calvo Da Gr8 , Ciara and The Clutch. The single ranks in the top 20 for several countries around the world.
John A. Costello, who died January 5, 1976, Irish politician, was Prime Minister twice. Lawyer, he joined the attorney general's service during the formation of the Irish Free State in 1922, then he became Attorney General himself in 1926.
Lars Erik Ansgar Leijonborg, born November 21, 1949 in Täby, is a Swedish politician and member of the People's Party - The Liberals, of which he was chairman, and was Swedish Minister of Education and Research from 2006 to 2007, then Minister of Higher Education and Research from 2007 to 2009.
Las Palabras de Amor is the third single from Queen's Hot Space album, released in June 1982. While the Hot Space album was a relative failure, the single met with some success, ranking 17th on the charts. British.
A Bad Dream is a song by British rock band Keane, which appeared on their album Under the Iron Sea. This is the fifth single from this album and it was released in January 2007. Rock portal Rock portal Music portal Music portal • Song section
Secretly Canadian is an independent American label, founded in 1996. It is based in Bloomington, Indiana, a region of the United States with a rich music scene.
The city of Billings is the seat of Yellowstone County, in the state of Montana, United States. Its population was 104,170 inhabitants in 2010, estimated at 109,550 inhabitants in 2018. It is the most populous city in the state. Billings is nicknamed “The Magic City” because of its rapid growth since its founding as a railroad town in 1882. Billings was said to himself “magically evolved”, hence the nickname. Its name is a tribute to Frederick H. Billings, who was president of the Northern Pacific Railway.
Ulyanovsk is a city in Russia and the administrative capital of Ulyanovsk Oblast. It was called Simbirsk until 1924. Its population was 616,672 inhabitants in 2014.
The Pro B French Basketball Championship is the second division of professional basketball in France. This championship is the antechamber of Pro A. Since 1987, it has been under the aegis of the National Basketball League. The defending champion is Boulogne-sur-Mer.
Geoffroy II of Brittany or Geoffroy Plantagenêt, is the son of the King of England, Duke of Normandy and Count of Anjou Henri II Plantagenêt and of Aliénor d'Aquitaine, Duchess of Aquitaine. Geoffroy was enthroned Duke Consort of Brittany in Rennes in 1169 and this in the name of his fiancée Constance de Bretagne. His father was responsible for the administration of the duchy until 1181.
The euro is the currency of the economic and monetary union formed within the European Union; it is common to nineteen Member States of the European Union which thus form the euro zone.
Central Macedonia is one of the thirteen peripheries of Greece divided into seven regional districts: Chalkidiki, Emathia, Kilkis, Pella, Pieria, Serres and Thessaloniki. Since the Kallikratis program of 2011, this region is also part of the decentralized Diocese of Macedonia-Thrace. Mount Athos is geographically contiguous to the south-east.
"Hounds of Love" is also the title of Kate Bush's eponymous album, it is the third of four single from the album. The single was released on February 24, 1986, and reached number 18 on the UK Singles Chart. British band The Futureheads covered the song in 2005, coming in at No. 10 in the UK top 10.
Meknes is a city in northeastern Morocco founded in 711 by the Meknassa tribe, from which its name comes. It is the capital of the administrative region of Meknès-Tafilalet, in the north of the country. It is one of the four imperial cities of Morocco and the third largest city in the kingdom. It was the capital of Morocco during the reign of Moulay Ismaïl.
Takieddine Solh is a Lebanese politician who was a Sunni MP for the Bekaa between 1957 and 1960 and between 1964 and 1968. In government he was Minister of the Interior between 1964 and 1965 under Hussein Oueini, before President Soleimane Frangié appointed him Prime Minister and Minister of Finance in 1973.
The Houston Rockets Club is an NBA basketball franchise based in Houston, Texas.
Bournens is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Gros-de-Vaud, 12 km from Lausanne. Cited in 1184, it was part of the district of Cossonay between 1798 and 2007. The town was populated by 333 inhabitants in 2013.
Pointe-Calumet is a municipality of approximately 7,000 inhabitants, located in the regional county municipality of Deux-Montagnes in Quebec, administrative region of the Laurentians. It is a small town located northwest of Montreal.
Soyuz TMA-3 is a manned mission to the International Space Station launched on October 18, 2003.
The African Football Confederation, also known as CAF, is the body that brings together, under the aegis of FIFA, the football federations of the African continent. It was not until 1956 that the four African member countries of FIFA agreed to create an African confederation and to organize a continental competition.
Roman Kopine is a Russian businessman, governor of the Chukotka Autonomous Region in Russia since July 3, 2008.
Giórgos Houliarákis, sometimes anglicized as George Chouliarakis, is a Greek scholar and politician. From August 28 to September 21, 2015, he was Minister of Finance in the interim government of Vassilikí Thánou-Christophílou. He is originally from Iasmos, Nome of Rhodope, outskirts of East Macedonia-and-Thrace.
The 1st United States Army is a formation of the United States Army. Since 2006, this army has been used to supervise the training, preparation and mobilization activities of several brigades on the territory of the United States.
Can I Play with Madness is a single from the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden.
The Crow & the Butterfly is the twelfth single from the group Shinedown released in 2010.
The Ethiopian Empire, also known as Abyssinia, is an ancient African empire founded around 1270, when Yekouno Amlak overthrew Yetbarek, the last ruler of the Zagwés dynasty, resulting in the founding of the Solomon Islands dynasty, in cause of its claimed origin from King Solomon; Yekuno Amlak then took the title of Negus neghesti, or "King of kings".
Sainte-Marguerite is a parish municipality in Quebec located in the MRC of La Nouvelle-Beauce in Chaudière-Appalaches. It is 12 km north of Sainte-Marie-de-Beauce. It is crossed by roads 216 and 275.
1. Fussball-Club Kaiserslautern eV, commonly referred to as 1. FC Kaiserslautern, 1. FCK or FCK, is a German football club founded on July 2, 1900 and based in Kaiserslautern.
Nods is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Bern, located in the administrative district of the Bernese Jura.
Graça Simbine, better known as Graça Machel, is a Mozambican politician, born October 17, 1945 in Incadine, Gaza province, studied at the University of Lisbon before joining the Mozambique Liberation Front. Deputy principal in a Frelimo school in Tanzania, she married Samora Machel, who became the first president of the People's Republic of Mozambique in 1975.
Sainte-Pétronille is a village in Quebec located in the RCM of Île-d'Orléans in the administrative region of Capitale-Nationale. It is also part of the Most Beautiful Villages of Quebec network.
Modave is a French-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Walloon region in the province of Liège. On January 1, 2013, it had 4,102 inhabitants for an area of ​​40.15 km2.
Indian Wells is the name of a municipality in the United States, located in California where the Masters 1000 of Tennis, the Masters of Indian Wells on the men's side and the Indian Wells Open now "Premier Events" take place, from The feminine side is also famous for having the highest proportion of millionaires in the United States.
Joseph-Alfred Mongrain was a public relations agent and federal and municipal politician in Quebec.Born in Saint-Tite in the Mauricie region, Mr. Mongrain began his political career by serving as mayor of the city of Trois-Rivières from 1949 to 1953 and from 1960 to 1963.
Milton Keynes is a new town in Buckinghamshire, England, born out of an act passed by the British Parliament in 1967 and has been a unitary authority since 1992. With more than 195,000 inhabitants, it is today the most important of the new towns in England. Milton Keynes is also the fastest growing urban center thanks to three decades of success and rapid economic growth.
Rêver is the twenty-fourth single from Mylène Farmer released on November 16, 1996. It is also the fifth single from her fourth studio album Anamorphosée.The lyrics of this song refer to the following literary works: Vernon Sullivan's book, J'irai spitting on your graves published in 1946. the texts of the poet Pierre Reverdy: "We will not walk any more together" corresponds to the last line of a poem entitled "In the foreign world".
Drive-In Saturday is a David Bowie song released as a single in April 1973 with Round and Round opposite B. It also appears on the album Aladdin Sane, released a week after the single. Its lyrics evoke a post-apocalyptic world including locals have forgotten how to reproduce, and have to watch old pornographic films to find out.
The Merinids or Marinids constitute a dynasty of zenet Berber origin which reigned in the Maghreb al-Aqsa between the thirteenth and the fifteenth centuries and which controlled, from time to time, other parts of the Maghreb and the Iberian peninsula during the fourteenth century.
La Rochelle is a city in southwestern France, the historic capital of Aunis and prefecture of the Charente-Maritime department, in the Poitou-Charentes region. La Rochelle is the most populous town in the department, ahead of Saintes, Rochefort and Royan.
Griffin Bell, born October 31, 1918 in Americus and died January 5, 2009 in Atlanta, is an American lawyer and politician. A member of the Democratic Party, he was Attorney General between 1977 and 1979 under the administration of President Jimmy Carter.
Albert Frédéric of Saxony born April 23, 1828 in Dresden and died June 19, 1902 in Sibyllenort, is the fifth king of Saxony from October 29, 1873 to June 19, 1902.
Kashmir is a song by British rock group Led Zeppelin from their sixth studio album Physical Graffiti released February 24, 1975 on their Swan Song Records label. Written by Robert Plant during a trip to Morocco and composed by Jimmy Page, Robert Plant and John Bonham for three years, this track is, according to John Paul Jones and Robert Plant, the song "which best represents the group".
Pablo Manuel Iglesias Turrión, born October 17, 1978 in Madrid, in the popular district of Vallecas, is a teacher-researcher in political science and a Spanish politician, leader of the Podemos party and MEP since the 2014 European elections.
London is a city in Ontario, Canada. In the 2006 census, it had a population of 352,395. By population, London is the fifth largest city in Ontario and the eleventh in Canada.
Hammer to Fall is a song written by Brian May and recorded by the band Queen. It was released in September 1984 and is taken from the album The Works.It is the fourth and last single from that album, although the single version is shorter than the one on the album.
The province of Córdoba is a subdivision of Argentina. Located in the north-central part of the country, it is sometimes called the “heart of Argentina”. Its capital is Córdoba, the second largest city in the country. The province has an area of ​​165,321 km2 and a population of 3,066,801 inhabitants in 2001, making it the second most populous province, after the province of Buenos Aires.
Blackpool is a coastal town in the north west of England with unitary authority status. Its population is 142,100.
Bussy-Chardonney is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
The North Carolina Tar Heels are a varsity sports club that refers to the 27 men's and women's sports teams at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Like a G6 is a song by Far East Movement released on April 13, 2010 as a single from the album Free Wired. The singer Dev also performs this title. The song was written, composed and produced by The Cataracs. G6 refers to the Gulfstream G650 through the lyrics “Sipping sizzurp in my ride like Three Six Feeling so fly like a G6. "
Minimalist music is a stream of contemporary music that appeared in the 1960s in the United States, which represents an important part of classical music in this country. In France, the current is frequently called repetitive music, and more specifically designates all the works using repetition as a composition technique. The main composers of minimalist music are La Monte Young, Terry Riley, Steve Reich, Philip Glass, and John Adams.
The Leader of the House of Lords is the Minister responsible for relations with the House of Lords in government and a member of the Cabinet of the United Kingdom.
Jean Jaurès is a French politician, born in Castres on September 3, 1859 and assassinated in Paris on July 31, 1914.
Souled Out was a televised wrestling event visible only in pay-per-view production produced by World Championship Wrestling in January 1997-2000. It was originally a nWo-specific event but did not render expected revenues which led to it becoming a WCW / nWo event until the nWo was disbanded. In 2001, he was replaced by WCW Sin.
Eleanor of Portugal, daughter of King Edward I of Portugal and Eleanor of Aragon, was Empress Consort of the Holy Empire, Queen Consort of Germany and Archduchess Consort of Austria through her marriage to Frederick III of Habsburg. She is the mother of Maximilian I of the Holy Roman Empire. She died in Wiener Neustadt on September 3, 1467 and is buried in the Cistercian monastery there.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, or Mormonism, is a Restorationist Christian Church founded in New York State, United States, in 1830, and headquartered in Salt Lake City in the United States. 'Utah. It is the fourth largest Christian denomination in the United States. Globally, it boasts more than 15 million members, including 36,000 in mainland France and 22,000 in overseas France.
Wil is a Swiss municipality in the canton of St. Gallen, located in the district of Wil.
Shots is a song performed by the American electro duo LMFAO featuring the American rapper Lil Jon. This is the third single from the Party Rock album released in 2009. The song was written by Jonathan Smith, Skyler Husten Gordy, Stefan Kendal Gordy, Eric Delatorre.
Ameenah Gurib-Fakim, born October 17, 1959 in Suriname, is a Mauritian chemist and stateswoman, President of the Republic from June 5, 2015 to March 23, 2018.
PJ Morton, born Paul Morton Jr. on March 29, 1981 in New Orleans, is an African-American singer and musician.
Strangeland is the fourth studio album by alternative rock group Keane, released on May 4, 2012. It is the first album to declare bassist Jesse Quin as an official member. Strangeland includes the singles Silenced by the Night, Disconnected and Sovereign Light Café.
Zandhoven is a Dutch-speaking municipality in Belgium located in the Flemish Region in the province of Antwerp. Portal of Antwerp and its province Portal of Antwerp and its province
Origlio is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Ticino, located in the district of Lugano.
Protection is the second album by the English group Massive Attack, released in 1994.
Vladimir Borissovich Kramnik, born in Tuapse on June 25, 1975, is a Russian international chess grandmaster who championed the world from 2000 to 2007. On August 1, 2014, he was the 10th player in the world, and the No. 3 Russian, with a ranking Elo of 2,760 points.
Hazem el-Beblawi, born October 17, 1936, is an Egyptian politician, Prime Minister from July 9, 2013 to March 1, 2014.
Dennis Joe Reimer is a retired American general. He served as Chief of Staff of the United States Army from June 20, 1995 to June 20, 1999.
étienne Gilson, born June 13, 1884 in Paris and died September 19, 1978 in Auxerre, is a French philosopher and historian, who was notably a professor at the Sorbonne, Harvard, Toronto, the College de France and member of the Académie French.
éléonore de Gonzague or éléonore de Mantoue, born September 23, 1598 in Mantua and died June 27, 1655 in Vienna, was Empress Consort of the Holy Empire, Queen Consort of Germany, Bohemia and Hungary and Archduchess Consort of Austria through her marriage with Ferdinand II of Habsburg.
Jules Georges édouard Thilges, born in Clervaux on February 17, 1817 and died in Luxembourg on July 9, 1904, is a Luxembourg politician.
Mendoza is a city in Argentina and the capital of the province of Mendoza. It is located at the foot of the Andes, 987 km west of Buenos Aires. Its population was 110,993 inhabitants in 2001, but its urban area included around 850,000.
Meles Zenawi, by his full name Meles Zenawi Asres, born Legesse Zenawi on May 8, 1955 in Adoua and died on August 20, 2012 in Woluwe-Saint-Lambert, is an Ethiopian politician, Prime Minister from August 23, 1995 until his death, member and leader of the Tigray People's Liberation Front, a coalition party of the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front.
Eure is a French department in the Haute-Normandie region; it is one of the five departments resulting from the division of the former province of Normandy. It takes its name from the Eure, the river which crosses it before joining the Seine. INSEE and La Poste give it the code 27.
Goodbye Blue Sky is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd written by Roger Waters. She appeared on the album The Wall released in 1979. The group Future Sound of London did a version of the song called Goodbye Sky.
The Jewish Home is a nationalist, conservative, and religious Zionist political party, often ranked on the far right of the Israeli political spectrum for its neosionism.
Saint-Amable is a municipality of Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of Marguerite-D'Youville, in the administrative region of Montérégie. According to the 2014 population decree, the number of Amabliens is 11,847 .
Lac Saint-Jean is a large lake located in the Quebec region of Saguenay – Lac-Saint-Jean. Surrounded by mountain ranges and surrounded by fertile agricultural land, this body of water forms a basin where natural and human elements mingle.
Moshe Ya ' alon n ed June 24, 1950 in Kiryat Haim, is a politician and military isra é link.
Stop is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd that appears on their album The Wall. It was written by Roger Waters. This is the shortest of all Pink Floyd songs.
The British armed forces include the navy, the army and the air force.
East Java is a province of Indonesia. It is bordered on the west by the province of Central Java, on the north by the Java Sea, on the east by the Bali Strait and on the south by the Indian Ocean. Its capital is Surabaya.
Southern Rhodesia, in the long-form colony of Southern Rhodesia, was an autonomous British colony, without access to the sea, located in southern Africa, surrounded by the British protectorate of Bechuanaland, by Northern Rhodesia, by Mozambique and by South Africa.
Guillaume Ier de Hainaut, dit le Bon, born around 1286, died in Valenciennes on June 7, 1337, was count of Hainaut, Holland and Zealand from 1304 to 1337. He was the son of Jean I, count of Hainaut, of Holland and of Zeeland, and of the Philippine of Luxembourg. As a youngster, he took an active part in his family's struggles against the rival line of Dampierre, who owned the county of Flanders.
White Noise is the second single from British electronic music duo Disclosure's Settle album, released in 2013. It is sung by AlunaGeorge.
Jeliou Mitev Jelev, born March 3, 1935, is a Bulgarian politician, President of the Republic between 1990 and 1997.
Danish is a Germanic language mainly spoken in Denmark by Danes.
Born Again is a posthumous album by The Notorious BIG, released on December 7, 1999. It is Biggie's second posthumous album, after Life After Death released in 1997. Unlike the first, this one consists of verses recorded before his death in March 1997 that had not been used. Then, new instrumentals were made especially for the project.
Alexandra of Greece, Princess of Greece and Denmark then, by her marriage, Queen of Yugoslavia, was born March 25, 1921 in Athens, Greece, and died January 30, 1993 in Burgess Hill, United Kingdom.
The Omladinski Fudbalski Klub Beograd, commonly referred to as OFK Belgrade, is a football club from Belgrade, Serbia, more precisely in the suburb of the capital: Karaburma. They are currently the oldest team playing in the Serbian Superliga. The name means "Belgrade Youth Football Club" in Serbian. The club is part of the Beograd OSD sports society.
David Bowie, real name David Robert Jones, born January 8, 1947 in London, Brixton, is a British singer, songwriter, record producer and actor.
The canton of Remich is a Luxembourg canton located in the south-east of Luxembourg, in the district of Grevenmacher on the border with Germany and France. Its capital is Remich.The canton is made up of 8 municipalities: Bous Dalheim Lenningen Mondorf-les-Bains Remich Schengen Stadtbredimus Waldbredimus
The Federal Ministry of Food and Agriculture is the German Federal Government's ministry for agricultural policy and food, and has been chaired since February 17, 2014 by Christian Schmidt.
Cuarny is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois.
L'Illbient is a recent musical genre, a hybrid of jazz, hip-hop, drum and bass and IDM, with a style approaching ambient and above all dub. However, while the ambient uses natural sounds to compose soaring music, the illbient uses dissonant and dark noises, disturbing samples to create chaotic music.
Miguel Primo de Rivera is a Spanish general and politician. He led Spain from September 13, 1923 to January 28, 1930, the date of his resignation.
Fun House is the Stooges' second album, produced by Don Gallucci, and first released on August 18, 1970.
Barbie Girl is a song by the Scandinavian band Aqua, released in 1997 as their third single. It was however their first track to be released in the UK and France.The song is part of the Aquarium album and was written by Claus Norreen and Søren Nystrøm Rasted after the band saw an exhibition on kitsch culture.
The term "Luftwaffe" refers to the various air forces of Germany throughout its history. An air component of the Bundeswehr, today it is officially called Deutsche Luftwaffe to differentiate itself from the air forces of other German-speaking countries such as Austria and Switzerland.
Catherine Grace Coleman or Katy Coleman is an American astronaut from NASA born December 14, 1960. Researcher in chemistry, she was selected by NASA in 1992. She participated in two missions of the American space shuttle as a mission specialist on STS-73 flights in 1995 and STS-93 in 1999. At the end of 2010/2011 she was part of the permanent crew of the international space station as a flight engineer for expedition 26/27.
Kenneth Donald Cameron said Ken Cameron is an American astronaut born November 20, 1949.
The College of William & Mary to Williamsburg in Virginia is the second oldest institution of higher education based on the soil of the United States after Harvard. Founded in 1693 by a royal charter from William III and Marie II, it is a small public university currently welcoming more than 7,000 students, specializing in medical, legal and educational sciences.
éclépens is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
John Rusling Block, born August 31, 1935 in Galesburg, is an American politician. A member of the Republican Party, he was Secretary of Agriculture between 1981 and 1986 in the administration of President Ronald Reagan.
Lisa Miskovsky is a Swedish singer-songwriter born March 9, 1975 in Obbola.
Würzel, whose full name is Michael Burston, born October 23, 1949 in Cheltenham and died July 9, 2011 from cardiomyopathy, is a British musician.
The Logical Song is a song composed by Roger Hodgson for the British progressive rock band Supertramp, released on the album Breakfast in America, in 1979, and as a single the same year. This song is considered one of the most famous of the group.
The Bordeaux-Bègles Gironde athletic club is a club based in Bègles, in the suburbs of Bordeaux. The first team of its rugby union section merged with that of the Stade Bordelais University Club to found the Union Bordeaux Bègles in March 2006. The club keeps its teams from young people to juniors.
Spokane is an American city in the state of Washington, located east of Seattle and northeast of Portland. It is the capital of Spokane County. Located on the banks of the river of the same name, the city is located on the Columbia Plateau, at an altitude of 610 m, in the east of the state of which it is the second most populous city. It is also the fourth largest city in the north of the west coast.
The Jean Genie is a song by David Bowie released as a single in September 1972.
Turgut Özal is a Turkish political leader of Kurdish origin, Prime Minister and then 8th President of the Republic of Turkey.
Métabetchouan – Lac-à-la-Croix is ​​a city in Quebec located in the MRC of Lac-Saint-Jean-Est, in the administrative region of Saguenay – Lac-Saint-Jean.
Derek MacKenzie is a professional ice hockey player playing in the National Hockey League.
Debra Strobel "Deb" Fischer is an American politician and member of the Republican Party. She served in the Nebraska legislature from 2005 until her election to the United States Senate in 2012 against Bob Kerrey.
Queen Jane Approximately is a song written and performed by Bob Dylan, taken from the album Highway 61 Revisited in 1965. It appears on the B-side of One of Us Must Know. It has been covered by many artists, including The Four Seasons and The Grateful Dead.
The Peugeot 205 is a B segment automobile model produced by the manufacturer Peugeot. It was one of the manufacturer's flagship models. It was manufactured from 1983 to 1998 in 5,278,300 units, which made it the most produced Peugeot until the 206 overtook it. It was the best-selling car in France in 1984 and 1985, succeeding the Renault 5, and in 1990, competing for first place with its main rival, the Renault Supercinq.
The province of Närke is a historic province in central Sweden.
The Parish of Bathurst is both a civil parish and a Canadian local service district in Gloucester County, located in northern New Brunswick. It includes the Bathurst Exterior taxing authority.
Green River is the third album by the group Creedence Clearwater Revival, released in 1969. It was produced by John Fogerty and Saul Zaentz.
Black-Eyed is a song by the rock band Placebo. This is the sixth track on the Black Market Music album.
Before the French Revolution, the municipality of Paris was headed by the provost of merchants. On July 14, 1789, after the storming of the Bastille, the provost of the merchants of Paris, Jacques de Flesselles, was killed on the forecourt of the Hôtel de Ville. The first mayor of Paris was elected the next day. For more than a century, from 1871 to 1977, the city was administered by the state and Paris had no mayor.
Emergency is a song by Hayley Williams, it's the 2nd single from the album All We Know Is Falling, released August 26, 2006 in the UK and October 21, 2006 in the US "This song is about love, but in a negative way. People started to abuse it. By that I mean it's becoming more and more common, and you can see it with the rising divorce rate, and the way people are being treated.
Stanbridge East is a municipality of Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of Brome-Missisquoi, in the administrative region of Montérégie.
Shenyang is the capital of China's Liaoning Province. It has the status of a sub-provincial town. The population of its jurisdiction exceeds seven million. The city's Manchurian name is Moukden.
Diary is a song by American artist Alicia Keys, featuring the band Tony! Toni! Toned !. The single was written and composed by Keys, in collaboration with Kerry Brothers, Jr., and was released in June 2004 as the 3rd single from his second studio album.
The tin whistle, also called tinwhistle, whistle, penny whistle, Irish whistle, feadóg, feadóg stáin, or Irish flute in Quebec, is a wood-type wind instrument. It is a six-hole straight flute, usually made of metal and commonly used in British Isles music. Its design is similar to that of the flageolet and the recorder.
Claude Bernard, born July 12, 1813 in Saint-Julien and died February 10, 1878 in Paris, is a French physician and physiologist. Considered the founder of experimental medicine, he gave his name in particular to the Claude Bernard syndrome. Horner. We owe him the notions of interior environment and homeostasis, foundations of modern biology.
The Governor General of the Indies or, from 1858 to 1947, the Viceroy and Governor General of the Indies was the representative of the British Crown in India during British rule; the post was created in 1773 as Governor General of the Presidency of Fort William . In 1833, the Governor General received authority over all of British India and became Governor General of India.
Orange is a town in the community of Essex, New Jersey, United States. In 2000, it had 32,868 inhabitants. The city of Orange is often associated with its neighboring cities West Orange, South Orange and East Orange.It was in Orange that Thomas Edison's company built one of the first film production studios in history: the Black Maria .
Córdoba, is a city in north-central Argentina. It is the capital of the province of Córdoba. The Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption of Córdoba is also the seat of a Catholic archdiocese and therefore the center of the corresponding ecclesiastical province.
Joseph "Jeph" Loeb III or Jeff Loeb is an American scriptwriter of comics, films and television series.
Jeanne de France, born April 23, 1464 in Nogent-le-Roi, died February 4, 1505 in Bourges, is the second daughter of Louis XI and Charlotte of Savoy after Anne de Beaujeu, three years her senior. Also called "Jeanne the lame" or "Jeanne the Stroped" because of her limp, she became Duchess of Orleans since she was married at the age of twelve to Louis of Orleans who, having become king, canceled the wedding.
The Battle of Passchendaele, also called the Third Battle of Ypres by the Dutch-speaking Belgians and the Third Battle of Flanders by the Germans, took place between July 31 and November 6, 1917 in Passchendaele, West Flanders, during the First World War. global. It pitted the British army, the Canadian army and reinforcements from the French army against the German army.
Dovre Station is a train station on the Dovre line. It is located in the municipality of Dovre. It was commissioned in 1913 when the line was commissioned to Dombås. The train station is 330.82 km from Oslo.
David Cornell Leestma says Dave Leestma is an American astronaut born May 6, 1949.
Provence is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois.
Emperor of India is a title worn by the last Mughal Emperor Muhammad Bahadur Shah and revived by British monarchs during the British colonization of India. This title is thus carried until 1947 and the Independence of India.
Soheil Ayari, born April 5, 1970 in Aix-les-Bains, is a French racing driver of Iranian father and French mother, specializing in endurance races and Grand Touring races.
Valcourt is a city of Quebec located in the MRC of Val-Saint-François in Estrie. It is accessible via route 222 and route 243.
The Illinois Senate is the upper house of the Illinois General Assembly and the Illinois State Legislature. This chamber was created by the Illinois Constitution in 1818.
Akira Toriyama is a Japanese manga author and character designer born April 5, 1955 in Kiyosu, Aichi Prefecture, and his most famous work is Dragon Ball which has achieved great worldwide success. The Japanese ranked Dragon Ball as the third best manga of all time at the Cultural Affairs Agency's Japanese Art Festival, after Slam Dunk and JoJo's Bizarre Adventure.
Thomas William "Tom" Hamilton is the bassist for the hard rock band Aerosmith. He notably co-wrote three of the band's hit songs, Sweet Emotion, Janie's Got a Gun and Jaded. He occasionally plays guitar on some songs he has co-written, Uncle Salty and Sick as a Dog.
Au coeur du Stade is Celine Dion's twenty-first album, and her fourth live album, released on August 27, 1999.
Saint-Léonard is a borough of Montreal. It is formed from the ancient city of Saint-Léonard. It has an area of ​​13.52 km2 and a population of 75,707 inhabitants. The official name of the former municipality was Saint-Léonard-de-Port-Maurice. It also recalls the memory of Léonard Chaigneau, a Sulpician who arrived in Canada in 1688.
The Andes, in Spanish Cordillera de los Andes, is the longest mountain range in the world, trending north-south along the western coast of South America. About 7,100 kilometers long, 200 to 1,800 kilometers wide, the Cordillera has an average altitude of 4,000 meters and rises to 6,962 meters.
Oppens is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud located in the district of Gros-de-Vaud. Cited in 1160, it was part of the Yverdon district between 1798 and 2007. The town was populated by 176 inhabitants in 2013.
Firestone Tire and Rubber Company, commonly known as "Firestone", is an American company founded in 1900 by Harvey Firestone, specializing in the manufacture of tires. It employs nearly 23,000 people around the world.
The Table is a constellation in the southern hemisphere, not very bright. It cuts a section of the sky almost empty of stars and celestial objects. It is also impossible to observe north of the equator.
Starships is a song by Trinidadian-American artist Nicki Minaj. The song, released on February 14, 2012, serves as the first single for Minaj's second studio album, Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded. The song, in eurodance and europop styles, is produced by RedOne, Rami Yacoub and Carl Falk. According to the lyrics, she says to let go and party.
Highway 61 Revisited is a song by Bob Dylan released in 1965 on the album of the same name. The title “Highway 61” connected New Orleans to Duluth, Dylan's hometown.
Māya Sakamoto, born March 31, 1980 in Tokyo, is a Japanese Seiyū and singer. She is married to Ken'ichi Suzumura in 2011 ,.
Ranil Shriyan Wickremesinghe, born in 1949, is a Sri Lankan politician born March 24, 1949. Wickremesinghe was Prime Minister of Sri Lanka from May 7, 1993 to August 19, 1994, from December 9, 2001 to April 6, 2004 and since January 9, 2015. Wickremesinghe has been a member of the National United Party and leader since November 1994. He has also been the leader of the National United Front, an opposition alliance, since October 2009.
Saint-Christophe-d'Arthabaska is a parish municipality of Quebec, located in the regional county municipality of Arthabaska in the administrative region of Center-du-Quebec.
Danny Elfman, born Daniel Robert Elfman on May 29, 1953 in Amarillo, is an American film music composer and former frontman of the rock and new wave group Oingo Boingo. He has composed the music for most of Tim Burton's films, several Sam Raimi films as well as the musical themes for the credits of The Simpsons, The Flash and Desperate Housewives.
HK CSKA Moscow is the ice hockey section of the sports club. Based in the city of Moscow in Russia, they are the most successful team in the history of the Soviet Union.
Pierre-Henri Raphanel, born May 27, 1961 in Algiers, Algeria, is a former French racing driver. Author of a brief stint in Formula 1, he especially shone in endurance races.
Krzysztof Jan Janik, born June 11, 1950 in Kielce, is a Polish politician and member of the Alliance of the Democratic Left.
Dead Inside is the opening track from Muse's album Drones, released in France on June 8, 2015. It is the second single from Drones, but the first official single from the album and the group's 32nd. It premieres on March 23, 2015 at 7.20 p.m. GMT on BBC Radio 1 and numerous radio stations around the world, as well as on YouTube.
Antti Kalliomäki is a Finnish politician, member of the Social Democratic Party and member of the Parliament of Finland since 1983. Kalliomäki also distinguished himself in athletics by winning the silver medal in the pole vault at the 1976 Summer Olympics .
The Emirate of Nedjd and Hassa was the first incarnation of the third Saudi state, which existed from 1902 to 19211.
Clint Eastwood is the group's debut single Gorillaz from their debut studio album, Gorillaz. The sound uses a sample of the soundtrack of the movie The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Live, the rapped parts are provided by Del, but since 2005 by Phil Cypher.
Help Me, Rhonda is a Beach Boys song written and composed by Mike Love and Brian Wilson, and sung by Al Jardine. The song's first version was recorded in January 1965 and appeared on the Today! Album in March. Its title is spelled Help Me, Ronda, without H. Another version, recorded in February, was released on 45 rpm in April and met with great success, ranking at the top of sales in the United States. This is the second No. 1 in the group, after I Get Around.
Formula 1, commonly abbreviated as F1, is a motorsport discipline considered to be the premier category of this sport. It has taken on a global dimension over the years and is, along with the Olympic Games and the FIFA World Cup, one of the most publicized sporting events.Every year since 1950, a World Drivers' Championship has been organized and since 1958 , a world championship of automobile manufacturers has been set up.
Peshawar is a city of about 1.4 million people located in northern Pakistan, at the eastern end of the Khyber Pass. It is the capital of the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. Known as Purusapura in ancient India, it was then the capital of Gandhara. She was also known to the Greeks under the name of Peukalaotis. It is the capital of the Pashtun tribes.
Saint-Luc-de-Vincennes is a municipality of Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Chenaux and in the administrative region of Mauricie. It is the capital of the MRC des Chenaux.
Jeremy Bentham born February 15, 1748 in London and died in the same city on June 6, 1832 is a British philosopher, jurisconsult and reformer.
The district of Porto is a district of Portugal, corresponding to the traditional provincial nucleus of Douro Litoral. It is bounded to the north by the district of Braga, to the east by the District of Vila Real, to the south by the district of Viseu and the District of Aveiro and finally to the west by the Atlantic Ocean. Its area is around 2,395 km2, making it the 17th largest district. It has a population of 1,781,826.
Karlsruher SC is a German football club evolving in 2. Bundesliga and based in Karlsruhe.
Kent Nagano OQ is an American conductor of Japanese descent.
Mechraa Houari Boumedienne is a municipality in the wilaya of Bechar in Algeria.
The New Musical Express is an influential weekly musical newspaper. It is published by IPC Media, the UK subsidiary of Time Warner.
Asheville is a city located in the western state of North Carolina, United States. Its population was 83,393 in 2010. Asheville is located in the valley of the French Broad River, one of the valleys of the Appalachian Mountains. The town was formerly called Morristown, and was granted town status on January 27, 1798.
Clique is a song by American rappers Kanye West, Jay-Z and Big Sean released on September 6, 2012 under the GOOD Music label. 4th single from the album Cruel Summer, the song is written by Kanye West, Chauncey Hollis, Sean Anderson, Shawn Carter and by James Fauntleroy II.
Here is a list of presidents of Panama since independence
Aaron Lewis is an American musician, songwriter, guitarist and singer. He is the founder of Staind, a nu metal band with whom he released nine albums. Since 2011, he has also embarked on a solo career in country music. Her debut album, The Road, is scheduled for release November 13, 2012.
Bruno Heck, born January 20, 1917 in Aalen and died September 16, 1989 in Blaubeuren, was a West German politician, member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany. Federal coordinator of the CDU between 1952 and 1958, he is the architect of the victory of 1957, when the CDU / CSU won an absolute majority in the Bundestag, where he entered.
Pierre-Ferdinand Salvator Charles Louis Marie Joseph Léopold Antoine Robert Pie Pancrace of Habsburg-Tuscany, Prince of Tuscany and Archduke of Austria, was born May 12, 1874 in Salzburg, and died November 8, 1948 in Saint-Gilgen.
Peter de la Billière is a British Army General Sir Peter of the Court of Billière.
Rama V, who reigned from 1868 to 1910, is the fifth king of the Chakri dynasty, founded in 1782, and which reigns since that date over Thailand, formerly Siam. He is better known as Chulalongkorn
W9 is a private French national general-interest television channel of the M6 ​​Group with a musical and entertainment vocation. It exists since March 31, 2005 at the same time as the French TNT. The channel is available on the TNT, the cable, the satellite and the television by xDSL.
Sir James Paul McCartney is a British musician, multi-instrumentalist, songwriter and singer.
Champlain is a Canadian township located in the united counties of Prescott and Russell in Ontario, with a population of 8,683 as of the 2006 census, of which there are 5,600 Francophones and 2,580 Anglophones. Franco-Ontarians represent more than 70% of the population.
The Pittsburgh Pirates are a Pittsburgh-based baseball franchise playing in Major League Baseball.
The Wild Boys is a song by the group Duran Duran released as a single in 1984. It is the only single from the live album Arena, also released in 1984.
Pomy is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud located in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois.
Chris Heunis is a lawyer, Afrikaner politician from South Africa, member of the National Party and former minister in the governments of John Vorster and Pieter Botha.
Through the Fire and Flames is the second single from British power metal band DragonForce's album Inhuman Rampage, released on August 3, 2006 by Roadrunner Records, Noise Records and Sanctuary Records. The song is 7:24 min long, but the video version title has been shortened to 4:49.
Swing first of all designates an essential way of being in jazz, one that allows you to swing, to swing, to dance with your body in space. For some authors, swing has accompanied the entire history of jazz, for others, such as André Hodeir, swing rather crystallized during the years 1930-1940 with the advent of the big bands.
Annette Lu Hsiu-lien, born June 7, 1944 in Taoyuan, is a Taiwanese politician. She was Vice President of the Republic of China between 2000 and 2008.
The Military Cross is the third highest military decoration awarded to officers of the Land Forces and, since 1993 to other rank categories of the British Army and previously to officers of other Commonwealth countries. The Military Cross was created on December 28, 1915 by King George V.
Jean-Max Bellerive, born in 1958 in Port-au-Prince, is a Haitian politician. Appointed Prime Minister on October 30, 2009 by President René Préval after the overthrow of Michèle Pierre-Louis by the Senate on October 30, 2009, he was invested on November 11, 2009. On May 20, 2011, the newly elected president, Michel Martelly, appointed in his place Daniel-Gérard Rouzier, whose investiture was rejected on June 21 by the Chamber of Deputies.
Joseph Kabila Kabange, born June 4, 1971 in Hewa Bora II in the territory of Fizi, has been president of the Democratic Republic of the Congo since the assassination of the former president, his father Laurent-Désiré Kabila, on January 16, 2001, in during the Second Congo War.
Alexander Johann Heinrich Friedrich Möller, aka Alex Möller, born April 26, 1903 in Dortmund and died October 2, 1985 in Karlsruhe, was a German politician and member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. He was the Federal Prime Minister of Finance of the social-liberal coalition of Willy Brandt from 1969 to 1971, and was one of the first SPD leaders in Baden-Württemberg in the 1960s.
Augusta Caroline of Hanover, born July 19, 1822 in Hanover, died December 5, 1916 in Neustrelitz She was a member of the British royal family, granddaughter of George III of the United Kingdom, aunt of Queen Marie, cousin of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom and Queen Louise of Denmark.
Sainte-Marthe, also called Sainte-Marthe de Rigaud, is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Vaudreuil-Soulanges in Quebec, located in the Vallée-du-Haut-Saint-Laurent region in Montérégie, in the country of Suroît.
Hollaback Girl is a song from Gwen Stefani Love's debut solo album. Angel. Music. Baby. . Written by Pharrell Williams and Gwen Stefani, the song draws its influences from both ragga and 1980s hip-hop.
Simon Cowell was born October 7, 1959 in Brighton, and is on the jury for Britain's Got Talent where he is known for his straightforward and uncompromising style, as well as for his scathing and sometimes controversial remarks about the quality of the performance. The candidates' performance, and was on the jury for American Idol, X Factor USA and The X Factor in the UK.
Saint-Pierre-et-Saint-Paul Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral located on Place Saint-Pierre, in Nantes. It is the cathedral of the diocese of Nantes, seat of the Bishop of Nantes. Its construction spanned 457 years, from 1434 to 1891, but these delays in no way alter the quality or the consistency of its Gothic style.
The University of Sussex is an English university located near the village of Falmer four miles from Brighton. Sussex Uni was founded in 1961 and was discovered by a professor at this university, Harold Kroto, who discovered the famous fullerene molecule, widely used in nanotechnology, in 1985, which won him the Nobel Prize in chemistry in 1996.
Ham-Nord is a township municipality in Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Arthabaska and the administrative region of Center-du-Quebec.
Sainte-Perpétue is a municipality of Quebec, located in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches and the regional county municipality of L'Islet. It is named in honor of the African martyr Saint Perpétue. The municipality of a little less than 2000 inhabitants is located 34 km south of Saint-Jean-Port-Joli, on the road 204 which goes to Saint- Pamphile. Founded in 1869 by Narcisse Pelletier, the village has a forest and maple industry. He is also recognized for the attractions of his church.
The Oceania Football Confederation is the confederation that brings together the various football federations of the Oceania continent and the islands of the Pacific Ocean.
Kölliken is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Zofingue.
Irresistible is the first single by American singer Jessica Simpson, taken from the second album of Irresistible, released on April 12, 2001. The title is written by Anders Bagge and Arnthor Birgisson, Pamela Sheyne and composed by Anders Bagge and Arnthor Birgisson.
Winston-Salem is a city in North Carolina, United States of America, located in the north of the state and west of the capital, Raleigh. It is the seat of Forsyth County and the fourth largest city in the state of North Carolina. Along with Greensboro and High Point, it forms a conurbation called the Piedmont Triad. The tallest building in the city is the Wachovia Center with a height of 140 m and its 34 floors.
Jim O'Rourke, born January 18, 1969 in Chicago, is an American musician, songwriter, composer, performer and producer. He has played in many groups and was an integral member of the New York group Sonic Youth from 2000 to 2005. He also collaborated as a producer with Wilco, but also for Stereolab, Faust, Joanna Newsom, Smog and Cynthia Dall. Among his influences we can cite John Fahey or Burt Bacharach.
Linux is the name commonly given to any free operating system that works with the Linux kernel. It is a free implementation of the UNIX system following the POSIX specifications. This system was born from the meeting between the free software movement and the collaborative and decentralized development model via the Internet. Its name comes from the creator of the Linux kernel, Linus Torvalds.
Norwegian Americans are Americans of Norwegian descent. Norwegian immigrants came to the United States mainly in the latter half of the 19th century and the first decades of the 20th century. According to the country's census, there are over five million Norwegians and most live in the upper Midwest.
Aurès is a region of Algeria located to the east of this country, characterized both by its rich history, its mainly mountainous relief and by its traditional settlement. This region, whose name dates back to Antiquity, was part, before the Roman conquest of the territory of ancient Numidia.
Altrincham Football Club is an English football club based in Altrincham. The club is playing in Conference National this season.
Raúl Modesto Castro Ruz, born June 3, 1931 in Birán, is a Cuban politician. Interim President of the Councils of State and Ministers from July 31, 2006, he was elected President on February 24, 2008, succeeding his brother Fidel. He was vice-president of the Council of Ministers and Minister of Defense from 1959 to 2008. He was a member of the July 26 movement.
Alfonso VII the Emperor born March 1, 1105 in Caldas de Reis and died August 21, 1157 in La Fresneda. King of Galicia and of León and Castile. Imperator totius Hispaniae, “emperor of all Spain” in 1135.
Fenoughil is a municipality in the wilaya of Adrar in Algeria.
James Beck "Jim" Gordon is an American musician and composer. A Grammy Award winner he was one of the most sought-after studio drummers of the 1960s and 1970s, recording albums with many of the famous musicians of the day, and was the drummer for blues rock supergroup Derek and the Dominos. Suffering from schizophrenia, Gordon murdered his mother in 1983 and was sentenced to 16 years in prison.
The New Democratic Party of Ontario, formerly known as the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation is a political party in the Canadian province of Ontario.
Fahrwangen is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Lenzburg.
The Gerland stadium is the main sports arena in the city of Lyon. Located in the 7th arrondissement, in the Gerland district, it is currently used by the Olympique Lyonnais.
Stephen I or Saint Stephen was the founder of the kingdom of Hungary, of which he became king in 1001. Canonized in 1083 for the evangelization of his country, he is today considered the patron saint of Hungary.Born under the name of Vajk around 975, Stephen succeeded his father as Grand Prince of Hungary in 997. He won against his pagan cousin Koppány and was crowned king on December 25, 1000 or January 1, 1001.
Forti Corse, then Forti, is a former Italian motorsport team which notably entered Formula 1 during the 1995 world championship and then the 1996 world championship, which it did not finish. Founded in 1978, the team has participated in different competition formulas for nearly two decades.
Perles, called Pieterlen in German, is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Bern, located in the administrative district of Biel.
The Clairvoyant is a single from the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden.
Herzeleid is the debut album by the Neue Deutsche Härte Rammstein band, it was released in 1995. In the US, this Rammstein debut album was released with a different cover art to cut short the allegations of neo-Nazi message contained in the photo by cover, which shows the six shirtless limbs, all muscles protruding.
Tchornomorets Odessa or Chernomorets Odessa is a Ukrainian football club based in Odessa.
Henry Stanbery, born February 20, 1803 and died June 26, 1881, is an American jurist who served as Ohio's first attorney general before becoming United States attorney general in the Johnson administration. It was also Henry Stanbery who defended President Johnson during the impeachment proceedings launched against him by the House of Representatives.
Northern Ostrobothnia is a region in northern Finland. It results from the 1997 split with Kainuu. The region still belongs to the province of Oulu but a new administrative level has appeared, still with Oulu as the capital.
FC Dordrecht is a Dutch football club based in Dordrecht. It was established on August 16, 1883.
Saint-Michel-Gestel, is a municipality and a village in the Netherlands of the province of North Brabant, located in the former bailiwick of 's-Hertogenbosch. On August 1, 2013, the municipality has 28,008 inhabitants, has an area of ​​64.40 km2 and is located on a height of 5 meters.
Virgil Hill is an American boxer born January 18, 1964 in Clinton, Missouri.
this is a television serie
Sigmundur Davíe Gunnlaugsson, born March 12, 1975 in Reykjavik, is an Icelandic politician, member of the Progress Party and Prime Minister since May 23, 2013.
Jeffrey Jacob Abrams, better known as JJ Abrams, born June 27, 1966 in New York City, is an American screenwriter, director, producer, composer and actor known for his work in the action, drama and science fiction genres. .
Chlodwig Carl Viktor Fürst zu Hohenlohe-Schillingsfürst, born March 31, 1819 in Rotenburg an der Fulda and died July 6, 1901 in Ragaz, was a German politician. He was notably, Minister-President of Bavaria in Munich, Vice-President of the Reichstag in Berlin, German Ambassador in Paris, Statthalter of the Reichsland Elsaß-Lothringen in Strasbourg, and Imperial Chancellor.
Skweee is a musical genre that originated in the Nordic countries, mainly Sweden and Finland. It combines basslines and melodies from simple synthesizers with funk, rnb or soul type rhythms which is why it is sometimes called Scandinavian synthetic funk, conflict rnb or even kebab crunk.
Francis Fukuyama, born October 27, 1952, in Chicago, is an American philosopher, economist and political scientist.Influential intellectual, well known for his theses on the end of history, Francis Fukuyama is currently professor of international political economy at SAIS at Johns Hopkins University in Washington.
Monster is a song by Kanye West, 3rd single from his 5th studio album, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. It contains appearances by Jay-Z, Rick Ross, Justin Vernon of the group Bon Iver and Nicki Minaj. Monster was presented on August 27, 2010 as part of GOOD Fridays, an operation by Kanye West on the Internet where it presented a new title every Friday.
Fort-de-France is a French commune located in the French overseas department of Martinique. As the capital of the department and the region of Martinique, the city concentrates important administrative, military and cultural functions. It is also a major economic, commercial and port hub of the Lesser Antilles archipelago.
échandens is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
Iceberg, or Iceman in its original version, is a superhero belonging to the universe of Marvel Comics. Created by screenwriter Stan Lee and cartoonist Jack Kirby, this fictional character first appeared in the X-Men # 1 comic book in September 1963. Robert Louis "Bobby" Drake is a mutant and one of the members. founders of the X-Men.
Trinidad James, real name Nicholas Williams, is an American rapper from Atlanta who signed a recording contract with Def Jam Recordings in 2012 and then launched his own label Gold Gang Records.
Durham is a city in North Carolina located northwest of Raleigh, the state capital. Durham is part with the towns of Raleigh and Chapel Hill of Research Triangle Park. It also shares its airport with Raleigh: Raleigh-Durham International Airport.
Rudolf Schuster, born January 4, 1934 in Košice, is a Slovak politician, second President of the Slovak Republic from 1999 to 2004.
Hussein Kamal Pasha, born November 21, 1853 and died October 9, 1917, was the first Sultan of Egypt from 1914 to 1917.
Wichita Falls is a city in Texas located in Wichita County, where it is the seat. In the 2010 census, its population was 104,553.
Joëlle Milquet, born February 17, 1961 in Montignies-sur-Sambre, is a Belgian politician who is a member of the Humanist Democratic Center, of which she was the president from 1999 to 2011 and of which she initiated the change of name in 2002.
Pump It is a song by the American group The Black Eyed Peas taken from the album Monkey Business. The track was released as the album's fourth and final single on January 17, 2006.
Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka is a South African politician, member of the African National Congress, Member of Parliament from 1994 to 1996, Deputy Minister of Trade from 1996 to 1999, Minister of Energy and Mines from 1999 to 2005 and Vice-President of the Republic from June 22, 2005 to September 25, 2008 alongside President Thabo Mbeki.
A Forest is a song by The Cure composed mainly by Robert Smith. It was released as a single by Fiction Records on April 8, 1980 with Another Journey by Train on the B side, then on the Seventeen Seconds album. A Forest was the group's first real success, first in the UK where it entered the Top 40, then all over the world. Despite its extreme simplicity, today it has become one of The Cure's most famous tunes.
Chamoson is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Valais, located in the district of Conthey.
Timoudi is a municipality in the wilaya of Bechar in Algeria.
Forever Young is the debut album by German synthpop / rock band Alphaville, released on September 27, 1984.
Mono is an open source implementation of the CLI-based Microsoft .NET development platform. Mono was initiated by Miguel de Icaza within his company Ximian which was acquired by Novell in 2003. Following the acquisition of Novell by Attachmate in 2011, Mono was taken over by a company created for the occasion: Xamarin.
Robert Allen Palmer is a British singer born January 19, 1949 in Batley, Yorkshire County and died September 26, 2003 in Paris. He is known for his rocker voice and his musical mixes on albums, combining soul music, jazz, rock, reggae and even blues.
Cauco is a town and former Swiss municipality in the canton of Graubünden, located in the district of Moesa.
Su Tseng-chang is a Taiwanese politician born July 28, 1947. He was prime minister of Taiwan from January 25, 2006 to May 21, 2007. Su is a member of the Democratic Progressive Party.
Svend Auken, born May 24, 1943 and died August 4, 2009, is a Danish politician member of the Social Democrats, former minister and former member of Parliament between 1971 and 2009.
Victor-François, Duke of Broglie is the eldest son of Marshal of France François-Marie de Broglie.
Anatole de Monzie is a French politician from the Third Republic, born in Bazas on November 22, 1876 and died in Paris on January 11, 1947. He was notably Minister of Finance and Public Education during the interwar period. .
Carlos P. García was the 8th President of the Philippines from 1957 to 1961 Politics Portal Politics Portal Philippine Portal Philippine Portal
Robert "Bob" Kanigher is an American author, He is a Silver Age comic book author, he is the creator of Sgt. Rock, Poison Ivy & Black Canary.
Sweating Bullets is a track from the American thrash metal band Megadeth. The song was released as a single in January 1993, the third single from the album Countdown to Extinction. Sweating Bullets was ranked 27th on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and 26th on the UK charts. The title is present in the video game Guitar Hero 5.
Beijing, also called Beijing, is the capital of the People's Republic of China. Located in the north of the country, the municipality of Beijing, with an area of ​​16,800 km2, borders the province of Hebei as well as the municipality of Tianjin.
Christchurch is New Zealand's second largest city, the South Island's first, and the regional capital of Canterbury. It is located north of the Banks Peninsula, halfway to the east coast of the South Island.
Juozas Olekas, born October 30, 1955 in Bolšoj Ungute, then in the Soviet Union, is a Lithuanian politician and member of the Lithuanian Social Democratic Party. He has been Minister of National Defense since December 13, 2012.
William H. Macy, born March 13, 1950 in Miami, is an American actor, screenwriter, producer and director.
The Progress Party is a central Icelandic agrarian and liberal political party, a member of the Liberal International.
Lac-Masketsi is an unorganized territory of Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Mékinac and the administrative region of Mauricie. The majority of the territory is occupied by the Zec Tawachiche. The main body of water in the territory is Lac Masketsi.
Lac-édouard is a Canadian municipality in Quebec which was amalgamated on March 26, 2003 in La Tuque. It was reconstituted on January 1, 2006 and is now part of the agglomeration of La Tuque.
The North Sea is an epicontinental sea in the Atlantic Ocean, located in northwestern Europe, and covers an area of ​​approximately 575,000 km2. The countries bordering the North Sea are the Kingdom of - United in the west; France, Belgium, Germany and the Netherlands to the south; Denmark, Sweden and Norway to the east.
Moya is a municipality in the province of Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, in the Canary Islands. It is located in the north of the island of Gran Canaria and is located west of Las Palmas de Gran Canaria and north of Puerto Rico, the mountain dominating the south of the island.
This article is about the Marvel Comics character. For the MCU adaptation, see Frank Castle. For other uses, see Punisher.
Pablo Honey is the first album of the group Radiohead, released in 1993. The single Creep, taken from this album, is the first track that made Radiohead known internationally. In 1995, this single was used in the soundtrack of the film Cyclo by Tr ầ n Anh Hùng.
Dr. House is an American television series in 177 42-minute episodes spread over eight seasons, created by David Shore and aired from November 16, 2004 to May 21, 2012 on the Fox Network. This medical series, produced by Paul Attanasio, Katie Jacobs and Bryan Singer, has for central character Dr. Gregory House, misanthropic doctor with unconventional methods played by the English actor Hugh Laurie.
John Dramani Mahama, born November 29, 1958, is a Ghanaian politician.
Kurt Sutter is an American screenwriter, film producer, actor and director. He is known as a producer and actor of The Shield and Sons of Anarchy series, where his wife plays one of the main roles. To soak up the culture and the biker world, Sutter spent a few weeks with an outlaw club.
Apple Corps Ltd. is a company founded in January 1968 by the British group The Beatles. They had just dissolved their first company Beatles Ltd. to form a conglomerate.
Goodbye Cruel World is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. She appeared on The Wall album released in 1979. During the The Wall album tour, a wall was placed in front of the stage with a missing brick. While Roger Waters was singing, a brick was suspended in the air so that finally at the word goodbye, the brick would lodge in the wall at that complete moment.
Alfons Gorbach was an Austrian People's Party politician who served as Federal Chancellor from 1961 to 1964.
The East Japan Railway Company, or simply JR East in English, is a Japanese railway company providing service to the northern half of Honshū Island. It is also the largest passenger railway company in the world. JR Est is one of the eight companies of the JR group.
Kannelmäki is a section of the Kaarela district in Helsinki, Finland.
Copycat is a repentant supervillain belonging to the Marvel Comics universe, especially in the spinoff series of the X-Men. She first appeared in New Mutants # 98, in 1991.
Benedict Cumberbatch is a British actor, born July 19, 1976 in Hammersmith, London, best known for his portrayal of Stephen Hawking in the TV movie Hawking, for the role of Sherlock Holmes in Sherlock, the contemporary BBC adaptation that began in 2010 , two roles for which he was nominated for the British Academy Television Award for Best Actor. He also made notable appearances in the cinema, notably in 2013 in JJ's Star Trek Into Darkness.
Strange Magic is an Electric Light Orchestra song, which was released in 1975 on the album Face the Music, then as a single the following year, ranking 14th in the US and 38th in the UK. Rock Portal Rock Portal Music portal Music portal • Song section
The US city of Camden is the seat of Ouachita County, Arkansas. Rocket engine maker Aerojet has a division in Camden. Camden has an airport.
Mustapha is a song by Freddie Mercury recorded by the British group Queen. It is the first song of their Jazz album, released as a single in April 1979 in some European countries and in Bolivia. However, it was not classified and was not successful.
Saint-Irénée is a parish municipality that is part of the regional county municipality of Charlevoix-Est in Quebec, located in the administrative region of the Capitale-Nationale. It is named in honor of Irénée de Lyon.The territory of Saint-Irénée is hilly and wooded, typical of the Charlevoix region. The agglomeration is nestled at the mouth of the Jean-Noël river on the Saint-Laurent river.
Nick Rhodes is an English musician born June 8, 1962 in Birmingham, England. He is best known for being the keyboardist of the pop rock group Duran Duran, which was very popular in the 1980s. He is, along with singer Simon Le Bon, the only member of the group to have appeared on all of Duran Duran's albums. He was also part of Duran Duran's "derivative" group, Arcadia, with Simon Le Bon and Roger Taylor.
Saint-Camille-de-Lellis is a parish municipality in the regional county municipality of Etchemins in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches,. The 2006 census counts 904 inhabitants.
Plaisance is a Canadian municipality in Quebec located in the regional county municipality of Papineau and in the administrative region of Outaouais.
Frédérique-Amélie of Denmark and Norway, born April 11, 1649 at Duborg Castle and died October 30, 1704 at Kiel Castle, was a Princess of Denmark and Norway who became Duchess Consort of Schleswig-Holstein-Gottorp through her marriage to Christian-Albert from Holstein-Gottorp.
Jason Paul McCaslin, aka Cone McCaslin, born September 3, 1980 in North York, Ontario, now a district of Toronto, is a Canadian musician and composer, member of the groups Sum 41 and The Operation MD
Mswati III is the current King of Eswatini. He is the 67 th son of King Sobhuza II and the only child of his mother, Ntombi Tfwala. He succeeded his father in 1986 after a four-year regency period. He is currently one of the longest serving leaders in the world.
The Armenian alphabet is the alphabet used to write Armenian.
When I Get Home is a song credited to Lennon / McCartney, featured on A Hard Day's Night. Beatles Portal Beatles Portal Music Portal Music Portal • Song section
Wilfrid Hamel is a Canadian politician, born in L'Ancienne-Lorette. He was successively Minister of State and Minister of Lands and Forests in Adélard Godbout's cabinet, then mayor of Quebec from 1953 to 1965.
Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo, his full name Guillaume Emmanuel Paul de Homem-Christo, and his nickname Guy-Man born February 8, 1974 in Neuilly-sur-Seine, is a French musician, who founded, with Thomas Bangalter, the electronic music duo Daft Punk in 1993.
SummerSlam 2006 is the nineteenth SummerSlam, wrestling pay-per-view produced by World Wrestling Entertainment. It took place on August 20, 2006 at TD Banknorth Garden in Boston, Massachusetts. The tickets sold out completely three days after they went on sale. It was the first inter-brand pay per view to include the RAW, WWE SmackDown, and ECW divisions.
Torquay is a British town, located on the English Channel, in the south of England, in the county of Devon.
Frederick Augustus III said the Just was Elector of Saxony, then first King of Saxony and Duke of Warsaw under the name of Frederick Augustus I.
STS-41 is the eleventh flight of the space shuttle Discovery.
Adrian Hasler, born February 11, 1964, is a Liechtenstein politician, member of the Progressive Citizens' Party and head of government of Liechtenstein since March 27, 2013. Politics portal Politics portal Liechtenstein portal Liechtenstein portal
Saint-Jérôme is a provincial riding located in the Laurentian administrative region and created in 2011. It includes the territory of Saint-Jérôme, the most important city in the Laurentians. It is next to the constituencies of Mirabel, Bertrand, Rousseau and Argenteuil.
The accordion is a musical instrument from the wind family. The name accordion brings together a family of keyboard instruments, polyphonic, using free reeds excited by a variable wind provided by the bellows actuated by the musician. These different instruments can have very different invoices. A person who plays the accordion is an accordionist.
It's Called a Heart is the fourteenth single from Depeche Mode released on September 16, 1985. It does not appear on any studio album, but is featured on The Singles 81-85 compilation released the same year, along with Shake the Disease. The US version of The Singles 8185, called Catching Up with Depeche Mode, also includes the B-side of It's Called a Heart, Fly on the Windscreen.
Yves Jégo, born April 17, 1961 in Besançon, is a French politician, member of the third district of Seine-et-Marne, mayor of Montereau-Fault-Yonne, and president of the Community of municipalities of the two rivers. interim president of the UDI on April 9, 2014, following the departure of Jean-Louis Borloo, and resigned on June 25, 2014. He is also vice-president of the Radical Party.
Philippe_Ier_de_Bourgogne, known as Philippe de Rouvres, or even Philippe de Rouvre, born posthumously in 1346 in Rouvres-en-Plaine, succeeded in 1349 his grandfather the Duke of Burgundy Eudes IV. He died of the plague on November 21, 1361.
Kanshou / MERMAID is the 5th single from Aya Ueto released under the Pony Canyon label on August 27, 2003 in Japan.
Samuel E. Mitchell, Jr. is a former U.S. professional basketball player and coached the Toronto Raptors in the National Basketball Association until December 2008.
Pampas XV is an Argentinian rugby union team that competed in the Vodacom Cup from 2010 to 2013.
The United States Secretary of Labor is the head of the Department of Labor who exercises control over the entire department, enforces compliance, and suggests laws regarding labor, unions, and employee-employer relations. There was a Secretary of Commerce and Labor but the function and the department were split.
Landskrona is a city in Sweden, capital of the municipality of Landskrona in the county of Skåne. 30,499 people live there.
The Alternative for the Bulgarian Renaissance is a Bulgarian political party founded in 2014 in preparation for the 2014 European elections.Ivaïlo Kalfin is chosen as head of the list Politics portal Politics portal Bulgaria portal Bulgaria portal
Stirling is a Scottish city, located in the council area of ​​the same name of which it is the seat and in the lieutenancy region of Stirling and Falkirk. It is bordered by the Forth, upstream from Edinburgh.
Ladislas III Jagiello, born in Krakow in 1424, died in 1444 in Varna. Eldest son of Ladislas II Jagiello and his fourth wife Sophie de Holszany, daughter of André Holszansky. He was King of Poland from 1434 to 1444 and King of Hungary from 1440 to 1444 under the name of Vladislaus I of Hungary.
Hillevi Maria Engström, born Pettersson on April 15, 1963 in Sollentuna, is a Swedish politician, member of the Moderate Rally Party.
Hikaru Utada, known as Utada in the United States and nicknamed Hikki by her fans, is a singer, songwriter, arranger and music producer in Japan, daughter of former enka singer Keiko Fuji and music producer Teruzane Utada.
Brian Schweitzer, born September 4, 1955 in Havre, is an American politician, member of the Democratic Party and governor of the State of Montana from 2005 to 2013.
Abkhazia or Abkhazia is a self-proclaimed independent republic of the Caucasus, although the international community recognizes it as part of Georgia. It seceded from Georgia in 1992, leading to a war that ended in 1993.
John II Casimir Vasa, born March 22, 1609 in Krakow and died December 16, 1672 in Nevers, is a King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania who reigned from 1648 to 1668. During his reign Poland lost large parts of its territory by its battles against Russia, Sweden, the Tatars and the Ukraine.
Calling Dr. Love is a song by American hard rock band Kiss, released on the Rock and Roll Over album in 1976. The song was written by bassist Gene Simmons at the Holiday Inn in Evansville, Indiana. This is the second single from the album and the fourth to hit the Billboard Top 20 Singles, Calling Dr. Love reached No. 16 on the charts.
Clovis Ier, in Francic Chlodowig, in Latin Chlodovechus, born around 466 and died in Paris on November 27, 511, is king of the Salian Franks, then king of all the Franks from 481 to 511. From the Merovingian dynasty, he is the son of Childeric I, king of the Salian Franks of Tournai, and of Queen Basine of Thuringia.
The 2005 edition of Vengeance is a professional wrestling event televised and visible only in pay-per-view. The event, produced by World Wrestling Entertainment, took place on June 26, 2005 at the Thomas & Mack Center, Las Vegas, USA. This is the fifth edition of Vengeance. Batista and Triple H are featured in the promotional poster. Seven matches, four of which feature federation titles, have been scheduled.
Curio is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Ticino, located in the district of Lugano.
Baudouin de Rethel, called de Bourcq or du Bourg, died August 21, 1131, was Count of Edessa from 1100 to 1118 under the name of Baldwin II of Edessa, then king of Jerusalem from 1118 to 1131 under the name of Baldwin II of Jerusalem.
Raleigh is the capital and second largest city in the state of North Carolina, United States. Raleigh is nicknamed "the city of oaks" because of the many oak trees planted across the city. At the 2000 census, the city had a population of 276,093, making it the second largest city in the state after Charlotte. Raleigh, Durham and Chapel Hill form the three towns of Research Triangle Park.
Lorient is a French commune, located in the Morbihan department in the Brittany region. Port city and maritime arsenal still active at the end of the Lorient harbor, the city is at the heart of the urban unit of Lorient which is the largest in the department. and the third rank in the Brittany region.
David James McAllister, born January 12, 1971 in West Berlin, is a German politician and member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany.
The Battle of Rhode Island was an attempt by the Continental Army with the support of the French fleet to retake the island of Rhode Island and to secure Narragansett Bay from the British during the American War of Independence.
Arcadia is a US municipality in Los Angeles County, California. It is located in the San Gabriel Valley.
Arequipa is the capital of the Peruvian region of the same name, and the second largest city in the country in terms of population. The city is located more than 2335 meters above sea level, at the foot of the Misti volcano, in the Peruvian Andes.
Saitama Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located in the center of Kantō whose capital is Saitama.
Louis-Armand I of Bourbon-Conti, prince of La Roche-sur-Yon, 3rd prince of Conti, is a prince of the French blood born in Paris on April 4, 1661 and died on November 9, 1685.
Infiniti is Nissan's premium brand. Marketing of Infiniti officially began on November 8, 1989 in the United States, and its international activity has since expanded to Mexico, Canada, the Middle East, Taiwan, South Korea, Russia, China. where production starts in 2014, in France, Spain, Great Britain, Ukraine, Chile, Singapore, South Africa, Australia, Hong Kong and Brazil.
Leicester is a city in England in the county of Leicestershire, in the East Midlands region, with the status of a Unitary City and Authority. In 1976, Leicester hosted the sixth edition of the Europa Cantat Festival.
Oldham is a large city in the county of Greater Manchester, England. It is located in the Pennines, on elevated ground surrounded by the rivers Irk and Medlock, 8.5 km south-south-east of Rochdale, and 11.1 km north-east of Manchester.
Sainte-Madeleine-de-la-Rivière-Madeleine is a municipality in Quebec, located in the MRC of La Haute-Gaspésie, in Gaspésie – Îles-de-la-Madeleine. The 2006 census counted 373 inhabitants, or 12, 2% less than in 2001. In 2011, the population of Sainte-Madeleine was 320 inhabitants, of which 265 were 18 years and over.
Bougy-Villars is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Morges.
John Leonard "Jack" Swigert, Jr., is a former NASA astronaut.
Mobile County is a county in the United States of Alabama. Mobile County Public Schools has public schools.
Draw the Line is a song by American hard rock band Aerosmith released in 1977 on the album of the same name. The single ranked 40th on the Billboard while the previous single was ranked at 38th place. Thrash metal band Testament made a cover of this song. Rock Portal Rock Portal Music Portal Music portal • Song section
Cluster One is an instrumental track by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. It is the first track of the album The Division Bell, released in 1994. It is the first song credited only by David Gilmour and Rick Wright since Mudmen, released in 1972 on the album Obscured by Clouds. Cluster One was never performed live.
Nairobi is the capital and largest city of Kenya, located south of the country's agricultural hub, some 150 km south of the equator. Its altitude ranges from 1,600 to 1,850 meters above sea level. In addition, the geographic extension of the city is 150 km2. Its climate is generally tropical but tempered by altitude. with cool mornings which can turn cold during the rainy seasons.
Hedingen is a municipality in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland, located in the district of Affoltern.
Fighter is a Pop-Rock music by American singer Christina Aguilera, written by singer and Scott Storch. This is the third single from his second album Stripped.
Moulaye Ould Mohamed Laghdhaf, born in Néma in 1957, is the former Mauritanian Prime Minister. He held this position for 6 years, from August 14, 2008 to August 20, 2014. He was appointed Minister Secretary General of the Presidency of the Islamic Republic of Mauritania on January 19, 2015.
Bayou Contry is the second album by the band Creedence Clearwater Revival, released in 1969. It was produced by John Fogerty. From this album is extracted the single Proud Mary.
But Seriously was Phil Collins' fourth studio album, released on November 7, 1989.
Do the Motion is BoA's 16th single released on the Avex Trax label on March 30, 2005 in Japan. It reached 1st place in the Oricon classification and remained classified for 12 weeks for a total of 169,542 copies sold. The songs Do the Motion, With U and Kimi no Tonari can be found on the Outgrow album.
The Tver Oblast is the largest federal subject in the Central Federal District of Russia. Its administrative capital is the city of Tver.
Bournemouth English pronunciation is a city in the United Kingdom, located on the south coast of England. It has an estimated population of 163,000. Bournemouth is a large coastal resort located in the ceremonial county of Dorset, England.
Contested from 1964 to 1973, then from 1978 to 2002, the French Championship of Championnat_de_France_de_Formule_3 merged from 2003 with its German counterpart to form Formula 3 Euroseries.
Occitan or langue d'oc is a Romance language spoken in the southern third of France, the Occitan Valleys and Guardia Piemontese, the Val d'Aran and in Monaco. The linguistic and cultural area of ​​Occitan is called Occitanie.
Agnes of Babenberg, also known as Agnes of Austria, was the daughter of Leopold III, Margrave of Austria, and Agnes of Franconia. In 1125, she married Ladislas II the Banished and thus became Duchess Consort of Poland.
Saint-Bernard-de-Lacolle is a parish municipality in the regional county municipality of Les Jardins-de-Napierville in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Montérégie. The parish municipality of Saint-Bernard-de-Lacolle was officially established in 1855. Like Saint-Bernard-de-Beauce, the parish owes its name to Bernard-Claude Panet, 12th Archbishop of Quebec.
She's a Rainbow is a song by the Rolling Stones, released in 1967 on the album Their Satanic Majesties Request. She was also released as a single, with 2000 Light Years from Home on the B-side, and reached number twenty-fifth on the charts.
Saint-Joseph-des-érables is a municipality in the regional county municipality of Robert-Cliche in Quebec, located in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches. First called "Municipality of the southwestern part of the parish of Saint- Joseph-de-Beauce ”, the current municipality of Saint-Joseph-des-érables was the subject of a proclamation when it was created on November 15, 1938.
Eduardo Frei Montalva, was the President of Chile from 1964 to 1970, representative of the Christian Democracy. He implemented an important reform program which was continued by his successor Salvador Allende, and was subsequently probably assassinated, in 1982, by Pinochet's services. His eldest son, Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle, was president from 1994 to 2000.
Radar is a song by American artist Britney Spears. It was written and produced by Bloodshy & Avant and The Clutch in November 2006. The recording sessions took place the day after Spears filed for divorce from Kevin Federline, and the members of The Clutch said they were surprised by his work ethic. Radar was originally slated to be Blackout's third single, but Break the Ice was ultimately chosen in its place.
Biencourt is a Canadian municipality of nearly 500 inhabitants located in eastern Quebec in the regional county municipality of Témiscouata in Bas-Saint-Laurent.
élie Joseph Cartan, born April 9, 1869 in Dolomieu and died May 6, 1951 in Paris, is a French mathematician. His work focuses on geometric applications of Lie groups.
Jean-Baptiste Romuald Fiset was a physician and municipal and federal politician from Quebec. Born in Saint-Cuthbert in Canada East, Mr. Fiset was educated at the College of Montreal and Laval University. Party practiced in Rimouski, he also served there as councilor and mayor of the municipality. Elected Member of the Liberal Party of Canada in the riding of Rimouski in 1872, he was re-elected in 1874 and 1878. Defeated in 1882, he returned in 1887.
Umayyads, the dynasty that dominated the Muslim Arab Islamic State after the period of the Four Caliphs. The Umayyads, who came to power after the murder of Ali bin Abu Talib in 661, ruled until they were destroyed by the Abbasids in 750.
Alexander Sergeyevich Ivantchenkov is a Soviet cosmonaut, born September 28, 1940.
The Diocese of Angers is a diocese of the Catholic Church in France. Erected in the 4th century, it is the historic diocese of Anjou. Since 1802, it has covered the department of Maine-et-Loire.
Malans is a municipality in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland, located in the Landquart district.
Alice is a song written and performed by Canadian singer Avril Lavigne for the original soundtrack Alice in Wonderland by Tim Burton.
The Yukon Party is a conservative political party founded in 1991 in the Canadian territory of the Yukon. It was formerly known as the Progressive Conservative Party of the Yukon. He currently forms government in the Yukon Legislative Assembly.
Trust is a song by the group Megadeth, appearing on the album Cryptic Writings as the first track. The lyrics were written by Dave Mustaine and the music composed by Mustaine and Marty Friedman, it is about relationships based on lies. There is the English and Spanish version. The Spanish version is the same as the English one, but the chorus is in Spanish. The majority of fans of this song prefer the English version.
Ken Olin, born Kenneth Edward Olin on July 30, 1954 in Chicago, Illinois, is an American actor, producer and director.
John Dolmayan, born July 15, 1973, is the drummer for System of a Down.
Luton is a British town which once depended on Bedfordshire, but since 1997 has been a separate administrative entity. Its population is estimated at 184,000, with around 230,000 in the metropolitan area, of which the other main towns are Dunstable and Houghton Regis. Luton includes a university center, the University of Bedfordshire.
Henry George Carroll is a lawyer, judge and politician from Quebec. He was a member of the House of Commons of Canada and Solicitor General in the government of Wilfrid Laurier.
Agnès de Bourgogne or Agnès de Macon, daughter of Otte-Guillaume, count of Macon and count palatine of Burgundy and Ermentrude de Roucy, daughter of Renaud de Roucy. His father, Otte-Guillaume, is the son of Aubert I of Italy.
"Heroes" is David Bowie's twelfth studio album, released in 1977, and the second in his Berlin trilogy, between Low and Lodger.
U + Ur Hand is a song by American singer Pink. This is the 3rd single from the album I'm Not Dead. It was released on August 28, 2006.
Alone + Easy Target is promotional single by rock band Foo Fighters from the album Foo Fighters released in 1995. It contains only one track and was released solely for the purpose of promoting the album. The song was written and recorded by Dave Grohl in its original form in 1991.