Money   is a song by Berry Gordy and Janie Bradford, originally performed by Barrett Strong.
Part II   Singles by Jay Z Drunk in Love Singles by Beyoncé Knowles Drunk in Love Part II   is a song by American rapper Jay Z in collaboration with Beyoncé. This is the 3rd single from the rapper's 12th studio album, Magna Carta ... Holy Grail. The track is produced by Timbaland and Jerome "J-Roc" Harmon, as are the majority of the rest of the album. This is the sequel to the '03 track Bonnie & Clyde released in 2002. Beyoncé also recorded a solo version of the track.
Norwegian Wood   is a Beatles song, released on the Rubber Soul album on December 3, 1965. Credited Lennon / McCartney, the song is primarily written by John Lennon, with Paul McCartney making a small contribution. Under the leadership of George Harrison, Norwegian Wood is also the first song in pop history to include a sitar, an Indian instrument, which the guitarist was passionate about. If the sitar is more used here as a pleasure, Harrison will compose songs specifically intended for the instrument, Love you to on the album Revolver and Within You Without You on Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.
Snow   Singles by Red Hot Chili Peppers Tell Me Baby Desecration Smile Snow   is a song by Red Hot Chili Peppers 3rd from the Stadium Arcadium, double album released in 2006.
Addicted to Pain Singles from Alter Bridge Ghost of Days Gone By Cry of Achilles Addicted to Pain is the ninth single from the band Alter Bridge. It is the first single from the album Fortress, released on September 25, 2013.
Sin   is a single from Nine Inch Nails for the song of the same name released in 1990.
Anna   Anna   is an Arthur Alexander song that was released as a single on September 17, 1962, and ranked 68th in the US charts upon release. This is a soulful ballad in which the singer decides to let his girlfriend go so that she finds a man with whom she thinks she is happier.
Keane's Perfect Symmetry Albums Under the Iron Sea Night Train Perfect Symmetry is Keane's third album, released October 13, 2008 in UK and November 17, 2008 in France. The title is taken from the song of the same name, Perfect Symmetry. This album was notably recorded in Paris, France, and Berlin, Germany.
Rise Today Singles from Alter Bridge Broken Wings Ties That Bind Rise Today is the fourth single from the group Alter Bridge released in 2007.
Alice Cooper's Trash Albums Raise Your Fist and Yell Hey Stoopid Trash is Alice Cooper's 18th studio album and 11th solo released in 1989. The album was tentatively titled Low Class Reunion. The album features the single Poison, Cooper's first hit since You And Me released in 1977. After Alice returned to the record industry in 1986 and the success of her The Nightmare Returns tour, Cooper sought help. from producer Desmond Child to mark his comeback.
Running Free Singles by Iron Maiden Sanctuary Running Free live Singles by Iron Maiden Aces High Run to the Hills live Running Free is the first single from British heavy metal band Iron Maiden.
Shoot the Runner Singles by Kasabian Empire Me Plus One Tracks by Empire Empire Last Trip   Shoot the Runner is the second single from the second studio album by British rock band Kasabian released on November 6, 2006. It ranks 14th in the UK Singles Sales Chart .
F for You Singles from Disclosure You & Me Help Me Lose My Mind F for You is the fourth single from the album Settle by the British electronic music duo Disclosure and released in 2013.
Skyscraper   is a song by Demi Lovato which is the official first single from her third album, Unbroken released on July 14, 2011.
Basket Case   is a song by the American punk band Green Day and the third single from their third album, Dookie, released in 1994. The song was a great success and contributed greatly, with the songs Longview and When I Come Around, to the success. of the album. The track was played on repeat on radio and MTV. The single was # 2 in the US, # 5 in the UK and # 7 in the French charts. This title will be for fans of Green Day of the Dookie era as the most famous and legendary track.
Shinedown's Heroes Singles I Dare You Devour Heroes is the seventh single from the group Shinedown released in 2005.
Neon Lights Singles by Kraftwerk "Das Model" "Pocket Calculator" Neon Lights   is a song by the German electronic pop group Kraftwerk released in 1978 and taken from the album The Man-Machine released the same year.
Elizabeth Angela Marguerite Bowes-Lyon, was a lady of the British nobility who became Queen Consort of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland   when her husband Prince Albert, then Duke of York, ascended the throne under the name of George VI. After the death of her husband the King, she is known as the "Queen Mother". She also carried the title of Empress of India from 1936 to 1948.
Love Lockdown Singles by Kanye West Heartless Love Lockdown is a song by rapper Kanye West. This is the 1st single from his 4th album 808s and Heartbreak.
Words of Love is a song written by Buddy Holly and released as a single on June 20, 1957. For recording her song, Holly records her vocals a second time to make harmonies similar to the Everly Brothers. This is the first time that such a process has been used in the recording of a pop song. This version will not appear in the charts, but a version with very different arrangements will be released by the Canadian group The Diamonds   and will reach the 13th position in July 1957.
Another Day in Paradise is a song by Phil Collins released as the first single from the album ... But Seriously on October 9, 1989 in the United States. Just like the Genesis song, Man on the Corner, Another Day in Paradise was written to raise awareness of the homeless problem, which is why the song does not have a rhythm as dance and pop as those of the previous album. No Jacket Required released in 1985. The song rose to number 1 in many countries and is Phil Collins' most successful song. The producers, Phil Collins and Hugh Padgham, won a Grammy Award for Song of the Year in 1991 but also a Brit Award for Best British Single in 1990.
White Room is a song composed by Jack Bruce with lyrics by Pete Brown. It was released in January 1969 as a single from Cream's 1968 album Wheels of Fire.
Madness is a song taken from the album The 2nd Law by the British band Muse. This is the second single from the album released on August 20, 2012. and the album's third promotional single after Survival, a few weeks earlier as the official anthem of the London Olympics and Unsustainable in early August. This is the group's 27th single. The song was revealed by the group during Zane Lowe's broadcast on BBC Radio 1 at 8:30 p.m. French time.
Hate It or Love It is a song by Californian rapper The Game in collaboration with artist 50 Cent from his debut studio album, The Documentary. The track was released as the album's third single on January 28, 2005 in the United States under the Aftermath, G-Unit and Interscope labels. The song is written by Jayceon Taylor and Curtis Jackson. It is produced by Dr. Dre and Cool and Dre.
Encore   is a song by American rapper Eminem accompanied by Dr. Dre and 50 Cent, taken from the album Encore released in 2004. Written and composed by the three rappers on the track and by Mike Elizondo and Mark Batson, produced by Dr. Dre and Mark Batson, it is the second single from Encore. The song is distributed by Interscope Records, Aftermath Entertainment, the label of Dr. Dre, and Shady Records, a label founded by Eminem and Paul Rosenberg.
All My Loving Tracks from With The Beatles All I've Got to Do Don't Bother Me All My Loving is a Beatles song written in 1963 by Paul McCartney, although credited to Lennon / McCartney. The circumstances of the composition are unclear, but it is certain that McCartney wrote the lyrics before the music, which is unusual for him. The song, a mix of country, rock and pop, deals with the estrangement and the future reunion of two lovers, at a time when the composer begins a relationship with actress Jane Asher.
God Only Knows is a Beach Boys song that appeared on the Pet Sounds album in 1966, written by Tony Asher, composed and produced by Brian Wilson. It was recorded in March 1966 with musicians Phil Spector, including bassist Carol Kaye, drummer Hal Blaine and guitarist Ray Pohlman. The orchestration also includes an accordion, several strings as   well as brass and woodwinds. The impressive emphasis of the end of the piece where the orchestra surrounds the choir of Beach Boys who sing in canon "God only knows what I'd be without you" has made this song one of the most famous in pop music. : it is considered by Paul McCartney and many critics as "the most beautiful love song ever written".
Act Naturally is a song composed by Johnny Russell and Voni Morrison. It was first given to Buck Owens who released it as a single on March 11, 1963. The single ranked at the top of the country music charts when it was released. The song had a second life in 1965 when the Beatles decided to cover it. Sung by Ringo Starr, it appears on the Help! Album. With Dizzy Miss Lizzy, these are the last covers recorded by the group. It also appears, in the US only, on the B-side of the single Yesterday.
Fat Bottomed Girls is a song by British band Queen, written by Brian May. From the Jazz album, the song was released as a single in October 1978.
MOON is the 40th single from Kumi Kōda released under the Rhythm Zone label on June 11, 2008 in Japan. He reached 2nd place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 88,309 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 19 weeks, for a total of 140,743 copies sold. It is released in CD and CD + DVD format.
Honey Don't is a song written and performed by Carl Perkins; it appeared on January 1, 1956, on the B side of the single Blue Suede Shoes.
Hips Don't Lie is a song performed by Shakira and Wyclef Jean. She appears on the album Oral Fixation Vol. 2   of Shakira. It was inspired by a song from Dirty Dancing 2. Wyclef Jean had performed it with Claudette Ortiz, under the name Dance Like This. These two songs are part of the intro to the salsa track "Amores Como El Nuestro by Jerry Rivera. A version of the song was performed by Shakira in the 2006 FIFA World Cup final. Shakira also recorded a Spanish version titled Sera Sera.
Across the Universe is a Beatles song, written by John Lennon although credited to Lennon / McCartney. First appeared on the charity album No One's Gonna Change Our World in December 1969, it appears on the Let It Be album, produced by Phil Spector in 1970. The song is also featured on the albums Past Masters, Volume 2 , Anthology 2   and Let It Be ... Naked, in four different versions made from the basic recording dating from the beginning of February 1968. Since February 4, 2008, Across the Universe is broadcast in space by NASA
Cyanide is the 43rd single from the American thrash metal band Metallica, and the third from the Death Magnetic album released on September 2, 2008.
Girlfriend is the fifth and final single from Michael Jackson's Off the Wall album. It was released in July 1980. Girlfriend was written by Paul McCartney. McCartney thought of the song as one that Michael Jackson might like to record and mentioned it to Jackson at a party in Hollywood. However, McCartney finished recording it himself with his band The Wings and it was released in 1978 on the album 'London Town'. Subsequently, it was suggested by Quincy Jones as a possible track for Jackson, which he could record for his 1979 album Off the Wall. Jones was oblivious that the song was written for Jackson in the first place. Jackson's recording omitted the bridge heard in McCartney's version. It was released as a single in 1
Bridge Burning is the fifth and final single from alternative rock band Foo Fighters from their 2011 album Wasting Light.
The Man Who Sold the World is a song composed by David Bowie and released in 1970 on the singer's third album, also titled The Man Who Sold the World. It will be resumed with success in 1994 by Nirvana during the MTV Unplugged in New York. It will then be used in the opening scene of one of the opus of the Metal Gear Solid V video game series: The Phantom Pain, released in 2015.
Rock With You is BoA's 12th single released on the Avex Trax label on December 3, 2003 in Japan. It reached 5th place in the Oricon ranking and remains ranked 10 weeks for a total of 58,314 copies sold. The song Rock With You is on the Love and Honesty album.
Somebody That I Used to Know   is a song by Belgian-Australian singer and songwriter Gotye, in collaboration with New Zealand singer Kimbra. 2nd single from his 3rd studio album Making Mirrors, the song was written and produced by Gotye himself. The single was released on July 5, 2011 in the world and on December 16, 2011 in France. The lyrics deal with an old romantic relationship that he lived.
Rock You Like a Hurricane is a song by German hard rock band Scorpions that appears on the 1984 album Love at First Sting as a second track.
Higher Ground Singles by Stevie Wonder You Are the Sunshine of My Life Living for the City Higher Ground is an American song by Stevie Wonder written and composed by him and released in 1973. It is ranked both No. 4 on the Billboard Hot 100 and # 1 in Hot R & B / Hip-Hop Songs.
Leave Out All the Rest is a 2008 single by the band Linkin Park from the Minutes to Midnight album, which is part of the Twilight soundtrack.
Angry Chair Singles by Alice in Chains Them Bones Down in a Hole Angry Chair is a song by the American rock band Alice in Chains. It was the third single from their album Dirt. It appears as the eleventh song on some copies of the album and the twelfth or tenth on others. The song was included on the compilation albums Nothing Safe: Best of the Box, Music Bank, Greatest Hits   and The Essential Alice in Chains.
Still DRE Singles by Dr. Dre Fuck You Forgot About Dre Still DRE is the first single from Dr. Dre's album Chronic 2001. Snoop Dogg appears in the intro, chorus and end of the track. The sample track Maybe Tomorrow by American jazz guitarist Grant Green. The single met with great success, allowing the album to achieve multi-platinum certification. The lyrics, co-written by Jay-Z, herald Dre's triumphant return to the hip-hop scene. Extract :
Only A Northern Song is a Beatles song written by George Harrison which can be found on the album Yellow Submarine released in 1969. It is however older and was composed in early 1967 for the album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. On cacophonous music, the song is a pretext for settling scores with the company Northern Songs Ltd., responsible for editing the Beatles' compositions. Harrison indeed feels robbed by this company, and considers too derisory the place which is granted to him within the group.
I've Got a Feeling is a song by the Beatles, released on the Let It Be album on May 8, 1970 in Great Britain and ten days later in the United States. It is a composition of the Lennon / McCartney tandem. It is built around several distinct songs; two tracks by John Lennon, Watching Rainbows and Everybody Had a Hard Year, are grafted onto a song written by Paul McCartney about his future wife Linda Eastman.
Headlights is a song written and performed by American rapper Eminem. This title is the fifteenth track of The Marshall Mathers LP 2, the rapper's eighth studio album released in 2013. Singer Nate Ruess, leader of the indie pop group Fun, collaborates for the first time with Eminem by lending his voice to the chorus, at the introduction and at the bridge. The song is produced by Emile Haynie who had previously worked with Eminem as well as Fun, Jeff Bhasker who co-wrote the title We Are Young, Fun's worldwide success in 2012. Eminem is also credited with the production. Reviews for Headlights are generally positive. In the song, Eminem apologizes to his mother, Debbie Mathers, whom the rapper has disparaged and insulted throughout his career. The song, although it does
Independent Women is a song by the American girl group Destiny's Child. It is written and produced by Beyoncé Knowles, Sam Barnes, Jean-Claude Olivier and Cory Rooney for the group's third studio album, 2001 Survivor, although the song appeared first on the soundtrack of the 2000 film adaptation. Charlie and his funny ladies. It is also the first single with Michelle Williams on vocals.
Prince Prince Albums For You Dirty Mind Prince is Prince's second album released in 1979 by Warner Bros. Records, a year after his debut album For You. This album features his first hit: I Wanna Be Your Lover 4th on the Billboard Top R & B / Black Albums and 22nd on the Billboard 200, while the single I Wanna Be Your Lover ranks 11th on the Billboard Hot 100, flowing to 1 million copies.
Next Year is the fifth single from the album There Is Nothing Left to Lose released in 2000.
No Reply is a Beatles song, primarily composed by John Lennon and credited to Lennon / McCartney. She opened their fourth album, Beatles for Sale released on December 4, 1964, and also appeared as the first track of the Beatles '65 released in the United States by Capitol Records on December 15, 1964. Two more takes of the song in earlier stages have was released in 1995 on the Anthology 1 disc.
Stacked Actors is the second single from the album There Is Nothing Left to Lose released in 2000.
From Me to You is a song by the Beatles, signed McCartney / Lennon and released as a single in 1963. It is one of the few titles of the duo with a "common basis", that is to say that the initial idea was born. 'did not come from one or the other, but from both at the same time, working in the wake of the composition of the title in its entirety, February 28, 1963. Recorded six days later, third 45 rpm of the Beatles published on April 11, 1963 with Thank You Girl '' on the B side, it remains No. 1 for 7 weeks in the British charts. This is definitely the Beatles' first No. 1 single, as Please Please Me's ranking is more ambiguous.
Lying from You Singles by Linkin Park Somewhere I Belong Breaking the Habit Tracks by Meteora Somewhere I Belong Hit the Floor Lying from You is a song by Linkin Park from the 2004 album Meteora. It was released as a single following Somewhere I Belong, March 16, 2004. This is the fifth single and fourth track from the album. There is no official music video for this song. * Rock portal Rock portal    * Music portal Music portal • Song section
I Fought the Law I Fought the Law I Fought the Law Singles from Green Day Macy's Day Parade American Idiot I Fought the Law I Fought the Law is a song by Sonny Curtis, recorded with The Crickets in 1959.
You Rock My World Singles by Michael Jackson HIStory / Ghosts   Cry Tracks from Invincible Heaven Can Wait Butterflies You Rock My World is a song written and performed by Michael Jackson. It was the first single from the 2001 album Invincible. The song was a hit in the United States, reaching No. 10, the first time Michael Jackson made the Top 10 in six years since You Are Not Alone.
Dream On is the thirty-sixth single from Depeche Mode, released on April 23, 2001 in Europe and the following day in the United States. This is the first single from the Exciter album. Dream On is an electronic song but also acoustic with the presence of an acoustic guitar. Everything is quite calm as the lyrics have been mixed as if the song was being played live, Dave Gahan's voice sounds pure and true. This single announces the color of the new album Exciter which gives way to calmer sounds.
Birthday is a Beatles song drafted by Paul McCartney for Linda Eastman's birthday. It was composed and recorded on the same day, September 18, 1968, in the EMI studios in London with the help of the whole group and their entourage. It is a very spontaneous rock song, taken from life, which earned it great affection from McCartney, and total disavowal from Lennon.
Some Kind of Monster is the fourth single from St. Anger, Metallica's eighth studio album, also being one of the first edited songs for the album.
Notorious Singles by Duran Duran A View to a Kill Skin Trade Notorious is a song by the group Duran Duran released as a single in 1986. It is the first single from the album of the same name, also released in 1986.
I Wanna Be Your Lover is a song by Prince that appeared on his second studio album Prince in 1979. It was the first hit of a Prince single, from the track's radio broadcast to the charts. The song made No. 1 on Hot R & B / Hip-Hop Songs on September 22, 1979 and remained on the charts for 23 weeks. As for the Billboard Hot 100, the single ranked 11th on November 24, 1979 and remained on that chart for 16 weeks.
Dizzy Miss Lizzie is a song composed and performed by Larry Williams. It was released as a single in March 1958, with the B-side Slow Down. His most famous cover is that of the Beatles, on the album Help! in 1965, under the title Dizzy Miss Lizzy. It is the fourteenth and final song on the album and is sung by John Lennon. With Act Naturally, this is the last cover recorded by the group.
You've Really Got a Hold on Me is a song by soul music group The Miracles that appeared on the album The Fabulous Miracles released in 1962 under the Tamla Motown label. This piece is one of the most used of the group.
Octavarium is the eighth song from the album Octavarium by progressive metal band Dream Theater. It is divided into five parts.
Kings Never Die is a song by American rapper Eminem in duet with Gwen Stefani, released as a single in 2015. It is the second single from the soundtrack of the film La Rage au belly.
Wish You Were Here is a song by Pink Floyd, written by Roger Waters and composed by David Gilmour. It was released on the Wish You Were Here album on September 12, 1975 in the UK and the following day in the US. Written in memory of former band frontman Syd Barrett, this is one of Pink Floyd's most famous songs.
Imagine is a song by John Lennon: it is the first track to appear on his 1971 album Imagine. Although credited only to Lennon, his wife Yoko Ono's contribution to the song has been widely recognized. Produced by John & Yoko and Phil Spector, the song reappeared as number one in UK sales in January 1981, within a month of John Lennon's assassination in New York City.
Everybody's Trying to Be My Baby is a song written by Carl Perkins in 1957.
We Can Work It Out is a Beatles song released as a single in 1965, written by Paul McCartney and John Lennon. It is a remarkable example of the collaboration between the two main authors of the group, Paul bringing the main idea, and John adding the bridge, music and lyrics, creating a contrast between the optimism of the one and the darker side. the other.
The Days is a song by Swedish disc jockey Avicii. The lyrics are sung by Robbie Williams, and the song is written by Avicii, Salem Al Fakir, Vincent Pontare and Brandon Flowers, except Flowers. It was released on October 3, 2014 as a digital download and then on CD. The Days is the first single from Avicii's second album, Stories,   but it has already appeared in the EP titled The Days / Nights EP.
New Life is the second single released by the group Depeche Mode, released on June 13, 1981. There were actually two versions of the song. The 7 'vinyl version which would later become the album version, on Speak and Spell, released in October 1981, while the 12' vinyl remix version is different. She would later appear on the US version of Speak & Spell.
First Date is a song by the band Blink-182 that appears on the Take Off Your Pants and Jacket album. Its single version was released on October 8, 2001. It is sung in full by Tom DeLonge.
Blowin 'in the Wind Tracks from The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan Girl from the North Country Blowin 'in the Wind is a song by Bob Dylan, written in April 1962, recorded on July 9 and released on the album The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan. Archetype of the protest song, its human and poetic reach made it the anthem of a generation, and helped to erect its young 20-year-old author as a spokesperson, a spiritual guide for the civil rights movement.
What it Takes Singles by Aerosmith Janie's Got a Gun The Other Side What it Takes is a song by the American hard rock band Aerosmith. It was written by Joe Perry, Steven Tyler and Desmond Child. The song was "released" in 1990 as the third sign of the album Pump released in 1989. It is one of Aerosmith's best-known ballads and often regarded by critics and fans as their best. On the album, the song is followed by a hidden song.
We Belong Together is an American song by Mariah Carey from her tenth studio album The Emancipation of Mimi. The singles released on March 29, 2005 under the Island Records label. It was composed by Carey, Kenneth Edmonds, Jermaine Dupri, Johntà Austin and produced by the first three. As she covers If You Think You're Lonely Now   by Bobby Womack and Two Occasions by The Deele, other composers are credited. She follows the release of It's Like That, which is more dance oriented. We Belong Together focuses on a piano arrangement and background music. According to Carey, this should highlight her voice, instead of obscuring it with heavy instrumentation. The lyrics evoke a woman's desperation and loneliness following the departure of her boyfriend.
Back to Black is the title track from Amy Winehouse's second album, Back to Black.
Sunburn is a song by British rock band Muse, 4th single from their debut album Showbiz, released on February 21, 2000. It placed 22nd on the UK Singles Chart, surpassing the previous single Muscle Museum by 21 places .
RIP is a song by British artist Rita Ora in collaboration with British rapper Tinie Tempah released on May 4, 2012. Taken from her upcoming studio album, the song was written by Drake, production crew StarGate and Chase & Status. Originally, the song was written for the 5th studio album by American artist Rihanna Loud. The lyrics are about the singer facing her boyfriend, who asks her to forget about his ex-girlfriend. The music video is directed by Emil Nava. This single gave Rita Ora her first UK number one.
Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds is a song by British band The Beatles written by John Lennon but credited to Lennon / McCartney. She appears on the album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band released in 1967. It has remained famous, on the one hand because of its initials, and on the other hand for having given its name to Lucy, a 3.2 million year old Australopithecus afarensis discovered in 1974 in Ethiopia.
Waiting for the End is a song by American Nu-metal band Linkin Park, released on October 1, 2010. It is the second single from their fourth studio album, A Thousand Suns, released on September 13, 2010. The music video for the single , which was filmed by Joe Hahn, was uploaded on October 8, 2010 on MTV.
Das Model Das Model is a single from the album The Man-Machine by the German band Kraftwerk, written by Ralf Hütter and Karl Bartos in collaboration with Emil Schult. An international English version was also released under the name The Model.
Voodoo Child   is a song written by Jimi Hendrix. This is the last track to appear on The Jimi Hendrix Experience's third and final album, Electric Ladyland.
Get on Your Boots is a song by the group U2, 1st single from their 12th studio album No Line on the Horizon.
Hungry Like the Wolf Singles by Duran Duran My Own Way Save a Prayer Hungry Like the Wolf is a song by the group Duran Duran, released on the Rio album on May 10, 1982, preceded by a single release six days earlier.
Monkey Wrench is the first single by rock band Foo Fighters from the 1997 album The Color and the Shape. The song is about the breakdown of Dave Grohl and Jennifer Youngblood's marriage. There is a music video for this song, which was supervised by Dave Grohl.
Dig a Pony is a Beatles song, composed by John Lennon, although credited to Lennon / McCartney as usual. Coming from the January 1969 sessions for the stillborn Get Back album, it appeared for the first time on May 8, 1970 on the Let It Be album, and much later in a "refined" version on Let It Be ... Naked on November 18, 2003.
I'll Be Back is a Beatles song, primarily written by John Lennon but credited to Lennon / McCartney. She closed the album A Hard Day's Night in 1964. Sign of a new maturity for the group, it is the first time that one of its albums ends with a melancholy touch rather than a boiling rock. To write it, Lennon was inspired by the chords of a song by Del Shannon.
Rapture Singles by Blondie The Tide Is High Island of Lost Souls Rapture is a song by American rock group Blondie that was released in 1980 on the Autoamerican album. Released on 45 rpm in January of the following year, it ranked No. 1 in sales in the United States: it was the first rap song to reach the top of the charts in this country.
Crack the Shutters is the second single from alternative rock band Snow Patrol's A Hundred Million Suns album. The song was first released on December 12, 2008 in Ireland, under the Fiction / Interscope label, then for download worldwide from December 14. It was produced by Jacknife Lee and also appears in the Up to Now compilation released in 2009. The lyrics were written by Gary Lightbody, the frontman of Snow Patrol, and the music was composed by the entire band.
Scandal is a song written and recorded by the band Queen. The group is credited as songwriter and songwriter, it was released in October 1989 and is taken from the album The Miracle.
A Hazy Shade of Winter A Hazy Shade of Winter is a song written by Paul Simon and recorded by the duo Simon and Garfunkel in September 1966 for their album Bookends, released in 1968. The song was first released in November 1966 on the A side of a 45, with For Emily, Whenever I May Find Her on the B-side, and was performed in 1967 on the Live from New York City, 1967. The song reached No. 13 on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming the No. second most popular song on Bookends album after Mrs. Robinson, who reached first place in the same ranking.
Minority Singles by Green Day Nice Guys Finish Last Warning Minority is a song by the American punk rock band Green Day and the first single from their sixth album, Warning :, released in 2000. This track is one of the highlights of the album. The single was very successful and reached No. 1 in the United States. He was also number 1 in the UK, number 3 in France and number 8 in Germany. The song is a little less punk than what the band had accustomed us to, with an intro and verse on acoustic guitar, accordion and harmonica, but the message   remains very punk and the song is much appreciated. by the fans.
Can We Go Back is the 46th single from Kumi Kōda released under the Rhythm Zone label on January 20, 2010 in Japan. He reached 2nd place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 31,078 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 4 weeks, for a total of 36,565 copies sold. It is released in CD and CD + DVD format. Can We Go Back is a cover of Kelly Clarkson; it was used for an advertising campaign for music.jp. Good ☆ day was used for Sogo. Can We Go Back can be found on the Universe album.
Breakthru is a song written and recorded by the band Queen. It was released in June 1989 and is taken from the album The Miracle. The B-side, Stealin ', is not on The Miracle album.
Ticket to Ride is a Beatles song, primarily written by John Lennon, although credited to Lennon / McCartney. Released as a single in April 1965, it also appears on the album Help! released on August 6, 1965. Because of its particular rhythm on the drums and its ubiquitous guitars, Lennon calls this title a precursor of the heavy metal genre. Ticket to Ride reached number one on the charts in both the UK and the US.
Juicy Singles by The Notorious BIG Big Poppa Juicy is a song by American rapper The Notorious BIG, and also his first single. It is taken from his debut album, Ready to Die. Produced by Trackmasters and his longtime friend, Puff Daddy, it is one of his greatest hits. The instrumental was taken from Mtume's song, Juicy Fruit. The chorus is sung by the girl group of R'n'B, Total. This song is considered by many Biggie fans and by some critics to be one of the greatest rap songs of all time.
My Own Way Singles by Duran Duran Girls on Film Hungry Like the Wolf My Own Way is a song by the group Duran Duran released as a single in 1981. It is the first single from the group's second studio album, Rio, released in 1982.
Never Let You Go My World 2.0 Runaway Love Overboard Tracks Never Let You Go   is a song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber. The song was written and produced by Johnta Austin and Bryan-Michael Cox. It is the second single from the album My World 2.0 and it was released on March 2, 2010.
California Love Singles by 2Pac Temptations 2 of Amerikaz Most Wanted Tracks by All Eyez on Me Tradin War Stories I Ain't Mad at Cha California Love is a song by rapper 2Pac starring Dr. Dre and Roger Troutman. The original version of the track is no longer available on any of the 2Pac studio albums, but is on the Greatest Hits compilation. In 2004, California Love was named by Rolling Stone magazine as one of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time, ranked number 346.
Seven Nation Army is a song by American rock band The White Stripes released in 2003 under the XL Recordings label. Taken from their 4th studio album Elephant, the song was written and produced by American musician Jack White to originally celebrate Bryan's birthday on October 5, but once official it quickly became a hit. 'we know him. The song's riff became particularly famous. It is notably repeated in chorus by the supporters, in the stadiums and in several sports disciplines.
Watch Out For This   is a single from the Major Lazer musical project released in 2013, featuring Busy Signal, The Flexican and FS Green. The song is a sung version of Bumaye from The Flexican and FS Green featured on Flexican's mixtape Yours Truly: The Mixtape Part II, which is itself a remake of his song with Typhoon. Bumaye contains an interpolation of the song María Lionza by Willie Colón and Rubén Blades from the album Siembra.
Sunshine of Your Love Singles by Cream Spoonful Anyone for Tennis Sunshine of Your Love is a song by British group Cream, released on the album Disraeli Gears in 1967. Also released as a single, it placed 25th in the UK and 5th in the USA.
Walk is the second single from the rock group Foo Fighters from the album Wasting Light released in 2011. The track also appears in the credits of the film Thor.
Candy is the 25th single from Kumi Kōda released under the Rhythm Zone label on January 18, 2006 in Japan. He reached 3rd place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 37,581 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 7 weeks, for a total of 47,856 copies sold. Candy is the 7th single in a series of 12, a new release every week for 12 weeks. On each cover of her different singles, Kumi wears a traditional dress from a country; for Candy it is the theme of Africa with many countries with different cultures.
Drain You Tracks by Nevermind Territorial Pissings Lounge Act Drain You is the 8th song from Nirvana's Nevermind album. Written by Kurt Cobain, Drain You was one of Nirvana's most performed songs in concert. The melody of the song is reminiscent of the demo version of Smells Like Teen Spirit. Kurt Cobain considered this song to be the most accomplished of the group.
Alone is a Celine Dion single from the Taking Chances album. This is the second single in America and Europe and the third single in the UK, and is a cover of a song by the US band Heart. It is Ben Moody, the ex-guitarist of Evanescence who produces the song. The music video for Alone was shot during the TV series That's Just in Woman in Me and will be released in March 2008. Celine performs Alone during the Taking Chances promotional tour between November and December 2007. She will perform the song during the Taking Chances tour Tower.
Should Be Higher is a song by Depeche Mode, this is the third and final single from their 13th album Delta Machine.
The Catalyst is the first single from Linkin Park's fourth studio album A Thousand Suns. It was released on August 2, 2010. It emerges from this song a turn in the musical style of the group. Even more electro than the previous single, we can no longer distinguish any element specific to Nu metal; but instead, electronic effects which suggest a more pronounced return   of Joe Hahn, the group's DJ. In addition, this title was used as the soundtrack of the game Medal of Honor 2010.
I'm Only Sleeping is a Beatles song, recorded for the Revolver album released on August 5, 1966, but included in the US album Yesterday and Today, released on June 20, two months earlier. It was written by John Lennon, but credited to Lennon / McCartney, like all of the band's songs written by Lennon and Paul McCartney, collaboratively or not.
Dani California Singles from Red Hot Chili Peppers Fortune Faded Tell Me Baby Dani California is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers and the first single from their ninth studio album Stadium Arcadium. It was released in stores on May 1, 2006. The first world radio broadcast was on April 3. That day, Houston's rock-specializing radio station KTBZ-FM broadcast it continuously from 4 to 7 p.m. This decision was much appreciated by the public as many listeners called the radio to encourage them to continue playing the song.
Hey You is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. She appears on the album The Wall released in 1979. The song begins the second disc of the double album.
The Unforgiven   is the fourth single from Metallica's eponymous album. Released in 1991, it is notably one of the slowest songs on the album and is considered a power ballad. The live version of "Unforgiven" includes a second solo towards the end of the song, which the original recording did not have. The song had two sequels, in the form of "The Unforgiven II", from the album ReLoad, and "The Unforgiven III '" from the album Death Magnetic.
Hey Jude is a Beatles song released as a single on August 26, 1968 in the United States and four days later in the United Kingdom, with John Lennon's Revolution on the B side. This is the Beatles' first record released under their own label. , Apple Records. Composed by the sole Paul McCartney - but credited to Lennon / McCartney, as with all songs of the group composed by one and / or the other -, Hey Jude was intended to support Julian Lennon, John's son, during the divorce. of his parents.
FINE * Singles of Aerosmith Love in an Elevator Janie's Got a Gun FINE * is a song by the American hard rock band Aerosmith. It was written by Steven Tyler and Joe Perry. It appears as the second track of the album Pump released in 1989. FINE stands for Fucked Up, Insecure, Narcotic, and Emotional. The song was released as a radio single in 1989 and earned 14th place on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart on January 13, 1990.
Fresh Tracks from Emergency Emergency Misled Fresh is a song by the American funk group Kool and the Gang and part of the album Emergency released in 1984. The song was written by James "JT" Taylor, a member of the group at the time, as well as by Sandy Linzer. The single, released under De-Lite Records, and produced by Ronald Bell   and Jim Bonnefond, reached # 1 on the R&B charts in the United States.
Roxanne is a song by The Police, first released as a single in 1978 and then in the collector's album New Wave, 30 cm transparent [ref. desired] compilation of new English talents, then in the Police album Outlandos d'Amour.
Somewhere Only We Know is an alternative rock song by the band Keane released on February 16, 2004. 3rd official commercial single and 1st single from their debut studio album Hopes and Fears. This song released on February 16, 2004, is considered to be the group's first major commercial success worldwide, the song reaching 3rd place in the UK in the first week of sales. With the single Is It Any Wonder? in 2006, it was their biggest hit.
We Are the Champions Singles by Queen Long Away Spread Your Wings We Are the Champions is a song written by Freddie Mercury and performed by the band Queen on the album News of the World. This song has become very popular in the sports world and particularly salutes a number of sports titles. This 2 min 59 s song appeared on the B-side of the song We Will Rock You released on October 7, 1977, title with which it is linked on the album. Contrary to popular belief, it was not written in 1966 although it clearly refers to the England football team's victory in the 1966 World Cup.
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight Singles from Genesis In Too Deep No Son of Mine Tonight, Tonight, Tonight is a song by the group Genesis released in 1986 on the album Invisible Touch. It was also released on 45 rpm in March 1987, in a version shortened by half compared to the nine minutes of its album version. The B-side takes up the first half of the Domino suite, titled In the Glow of the Night. Fifth and final single from Invisible Touch, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight ranks # 3 in US sales and # 18 in the UK.
Rap God Singles by Eminem Survival The Monster Tracks by The Marshall Mathers LP 2 Berzerk Brainless Rap God is a song by American rapper Eminem. Released on October 15, 2013, it serves as the third single for Eminem's eighth studio album, The Marshall Mathers LP 2. The song is produced by DVLP and Fithy. Eminem talks in this track about his career comparing himself to other rappers and calling himself the god of rap. The labels distributing this song are the same ones that produced the rapper's eighth album, namely Interscope Records, Aftermath Entertainment, the label founded by Dr. Dre, the executive producer of Recovery and finally Shady Records, label created by Eminem and Paul Rosenberg, the manager of the Detroit rapper.
Désenchantée is a song by Mylène Farmer, written by Mylène Farmer and composed by Laurent Boutonnat, released in 1991. It is the first single from the album L'Autre ..., the second No. 1 in France for Mylène Farmer and his biggest hit single, which crossed French borders. Remained 9 weeks No. 1, Désenchantée was the song that played the most in 1991, and the one that earned the most copyright. It has sold over 800,000 copies in France.
Any Color You Like Tracks from The Dark Side of the Moon Us and Them Brain Damage Any Color You Like is an instrumental song from the album Dark Side of the Moon by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd, released in 1973.
Long Road to Ruin is the second single by rock band Foo Fighters from the 2007 album Echoes, Silence, Patience and Grace.
DOA is the second single from rock band Foo Fighters from the album In Your Honor released in 2005.
For You Blue is a Beatles song written by George Harrison for his wife Pattie Boyd. She appeared on the band's last album, Let It Be, in 1970. In the US, she also appeared on the B-side of the single The Long and Winding Road, the same year, which hit No. 1 on the Billboard. Hot 100. After the Beatles split, Harrison sang the song again during his Dark Horse North American tour in 1974, and in 2002 Paul McCartney performed it at the Concert for George, given on the occasion of the first anniversary of the Harrison's death.
About a Girl is a song by the grunge band Nirvana that first appeared on their debut album,   Bleach in 1989, then as an MTV Unplugged in New York single in 1994. New Musical Express magazine ranks it # 2 on their list of Nirvana's 20 best songs. It sits in 10th place in PopMatters' Top 10 Song List, which says it is the clearest demonstration of "Cobain's love for the Beatles and REM" and that his acoustic version of the MTV Unplugged in New York has become his “definitive incarnation”.
You're All I Have Singles by Snow Patrol How to Be Dead Chasing Cars You're All I Have is the first single from Snow Patrol's Eyes Open album, released in 2006. It is the band's second single, after Run, to be ranked in the Top 10 of the UK Singles Chart.
The Feast and the Famine is the second single from the American alternative rock group Foo Fighters from the Sonic Highways album released in 2014.
Undisclosed Desires   is a song and the third track from the album The Resistance by the British group Muse released on November 16, 2009. It was recorded between late 2008 and early 2009 in Milan with the rest of the album in the personal studio of Matthew Bellamy.
What Goes On is a Beatles song released on the Rubber Soul album in December 1965. It is originally a composition by John Lennon dating back to the Quarrymen era in the late 1950s, improved by Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr to be added to the album. This is the only song credited to Lennon / McCartney / Starkey, and the first officially composed in part by the Beatles drummer, who also performs it.
Wanna Be Startin 'Somethin' is a song by American artist and composer Michael Jackson. Wanna Be Startin 'Somethin' was released as a single on May 8, 1983 under Epic Records as the 4th song from Michael Jackson's album, Thriller. The title is written, composed and co-produced by Jackson and produced by Quincy Jones. The lyrics relate to strangers spreading rumors or making an argument for no reason. Musically, Wanna Be Startin 'Somethin' is influenced by disco, similar to songs from the singer's previous album, Off the Wall in 1979. The rhythmic arrangement of the song contains interweaving drum patterns, while the he arrangement of the winds is precise and coppery. Wanna Be Startin 'Somethin' has been covered by many artists since its
Tell Me Why is a Beatles song composed by John Lennon and credited to Lennon / McCartney which appeared on the album A Hard Day's Night. It is a fast rock sung in harmony, inspired by the songs of American girl groups like the Shirelles. The lyrics relate the speech of a man abandoned by his girlfriend and trying to understand the reasons for his departure. They hide Lennon's more personal questions about the death of his mother, Julia.
Personal Jesus is a song by the group Depeche Mode composed by Martin Gore and sung by Dave Gahan which appears on the album Violator. It is the 23rd single of the group, released by Mute Records on August 29, 1989, with Dangerous on the B side. The single precedes the release of Violator by more than 7 months. The title Personal Jesus is inspired by the book Elvis and me by Priscilla Presley, where she reveals that she had nicknamed her husband her “Personal Jesus”.
Aerosmith Aerosmith Albums Get Your Wings Aerosmith is Aerosmith's debut album, released in 1973 by Columbia. This album was recorded in just two weeks at the Intermedia Studio in Boston and features the single Dream On, which will be one of the group's greatest hits. Most of the tracks on this album are signed by singer Steven Tyler. The album was double platinum in the United States and placed 21st on the Billboard.
Back in Black is a track from the Australian hard rock group AC / DC which appears on the album Back in Black released in 1980. The lyrics   are a tribute to Bon Scott, the previous singer, who died a few months earlier. The song, and more specifically the guitar solo, will become a standard for all guitarists.
Blackbird Blackbird is a song by the band Alter Bridge released in 2007.
Take a Chance on Me is a song by Swedish pop group ABBA which was recorded in 1977 and released in 1978. It was the second single to be released after their fifth album, simply called The Album. The song appears on numerous compilations such as ABBA Gold - Greatest Hits.
Hallelujah   is a song written by Leonard Cohen. She was recorded for the first time on her 1984 album titled Various Positions.
Electric Barbarella Singles by Duran Duran Out of My Mind Someone Else Not Me Electric Barbarella is a song by the English group Duran Duran, released as a single in 1997. It is the first official single from Medazzaland, the group's 9th studio album, also released in 1997.
Michael Jackson's Leave Me Alone Singles Smooth Criminal Liberian Girl Bad Smooth Criminal Tracks Streetwalker Leave Me Alone is a song composed by Michael Jackson in 1987. This song appeared on the seventh studio album Bad released the same year, and was the eighth single of the album, released in February 1989, also being marketed outside the United States and Canada. Leave Me Alone only appeared as a bonus track in Bad's CD edition. The song was written by Michael Jackson and co-produced by Jackson and Quincy Jones. The song's lyrics focus on rumors about Michael Jackson that have appeared frequently in the tabloids and the media hype he has suffered since the mid-1980s.
If I Lose Myself Singles by OneRepublic Feel Again Counting Stars If I Lose Myself is a song by American rock band OneRepublic, taken from their third album Native and released as a single on January 28, 2013. On April 2, 2013, a remixed version of the single by Alesso comes out.
Rockin 'Robin Singles by Bobby Day Over & Over Rockin' Robin is an American Bobby Day song written and composed by Leon René under the pseudonym Jimmie Thomas and released in 1958. It is ranked both No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 and # 1 in Hot R & B / Hip-Hop Songs. It was resumed immediately by Cliff Richard in December 1958. A version of Michael Jackson from 1972 was similarly successful, ranking No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 and Hot R & B / Hip-Hop Songs.
Love Me Do is the first song released by British band The Beatles. It was released as a single on October 5, 1962 with PS I Love You on the B side, and is featured on their debut album, Please Please Me, released March 22, 1963. It was written primarily by Paul McCartney, with the collaboration of John Lennon , and is credited "Lennon / McCartney", like all of the band's songs written either by Lennon, McCartney, or collaboratively. This credit name will be reversed to "McCartney / Lennon" on the band's debut album, then put back in order for the next album, With the Beatles.
Anaconda is a song by Trinidadian-American singer Nicki Minaj, taken from her third studio album, The Pinkprint. It was released on August 4, 2014, and this is her second single. The track is was produced by Polow Da Don and Da Internz.
Psychosocial is a song by heavy metal band Slipknot, from the album All Hope Is Gone. This is the second single and fourth song from their fourth album, All Hope Is Gone. The song is scheduled for radio broadcast on June 28, 2008, and originally scheduled for a paid download on July 1 but postponed and released for July 8. Slipknot performs Psychosocial on stage for the first time on July 9, 2008, at the White River Amphitheater in Auburn. In 2008, the song was part of the soundtrack for the movie Punisher: War Zone. The song was also nominated for Best Metal Performance at the Grammy Awards, but lost to Metallica's My Apocalypse title, and nominated for the Kerrang! Best award
Master and Servant is the eleventh single from Depeche Mode released on August 20, 1984, and the second single from the album Some Great Reward. Despite the controversy and censorship that surrounded this song, it placed 9th in the UK singles sales chart, and is one of the greatest hits of the English group, remaining one of its iconic tracks. In France, this single ranks 34th in the Top 50.
Road Trippin 'Singles by Red Hot Chili Peppers Californication By the Way Road Trippin' is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers. From their 1999 album Californication, the single, released in 2000, was only available in Europe. In the United States, the extract from the album was then the song "Parallel Universe".
Faint is the second single from the album Meteora, by the band Linkin Park. It is considered a classic of the group. It is also one of the most aggressive songs. It is also one of the shortest songs on the Meteora album, following the instrumental track Session. In 2003, it reached No. 48 on the Billboard Hot 100, No. 1 on the Modern Rock Track for six weeks, and second place on the Mainstream Rock Track for two weeks. The single is the only one not to enter the French Charts for the Meteora album, apart from the promotional Lying from You. The song enjoyed average popularity around the rest of the world, remaining less well known than their hit number Numb, but it is one of the most acclaimed songs by fans.
Sweet Dreams   is a song written, composed and performed by the British duo Eurythmics. The fourth single from their second album, Sweet Dreams, it is their first hit and the band's most famous song. Reaching # 1 on the US charts and # 2 on the UK charts, the song was ranked 365th of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time by Rolling Stone magazine.
Save a Prayer Singles by Duran Duran Hungry Like the Wolf Rio Save a Prayer is a song by the group Duran Duran, released as a single in 1982. It is the third single from the album Rio, also released in 1982.
Dogs is a song by British progressive rock group Pink Floyd, which appeared on the Animals album in 1977. "Dogs" represent megalomaniac businessmen who destroy themselves and those around them by obsessing over it. their egos and their careers.
Take My Breath Away is a song from the Top Gun movie composed by Giorgio Moroder and Tom Whitlock, performed by the group Berlin. She also appears on their album Count Three and Pray.
Aneurysm is a single from the grunge band Nirvana to promote the live album From the Muddy Banks of the Wishkah. The song had previously appeared on the Incesticide compilation in 1992 and on the B-side of the single Smells Like Teen Spirit. It was recorded in a first version on January 1, 1991 at Music Source Studios in Seattle, then in a second version in November 1991 at the BBC studios. She evokes the heroine "by playing on the ambiguity between drugs and love".
Wish You Were Here is the first single from the album "Morning View", the fourth opus of the American group Incubus. In line with the singles from the previous album, this single received a good reception from critics and fans alike, reaching second place on "Modern Rock Tracks", and fourth on "Mainstream Rock Tracks" among others.
There's a Place is a song by the Beatles that appeared second to last on their debut album Please Please Me on March 22, 1963. It was composed by John Lennon and Paul McCartney who sing it in harmony. The song deals with a theme dear to Lennon: the comfort one can find in isolating oneself in thought. In this she prefigures other compositions such as Strawberry Fields Forever. Musically, the song is inspired by Motown records.
Crosstown Traffic is a song by The Jimi Hendrix Experience composed by Jimi Hendrix and recorded with his band The Jimi Hendrix Experience. It was released as a single with "Gypsy Eyes" on the B-side on November 21, 1968 in the US and April 11, 1969 in the UK, and is featured on the group's third album, Electric Ladyland, released on October 25, 1968.
Stay Together for the Kids is a song by the band Blink-182 that appears on the Take Off Your Pants and Jacket album. Its single version was released on February 19, 2002. The verses are sung by Mark Hoppus and the choruses by Tom DeLonge, who wrote this song in reference to his parents' divorce as a child.
All Along the Watchtower is a song by Bob Dylan featured on his 1967 John Wesley Harding album. It has been covered by many other artists, such as Eric Clapton, Jimi Hendrix, Neil Young, U2, XTC, Dave Matthews Band, Keziah Jones, Eddie Vedder, Jamie N Commons, Ed Sheeran and Devlin or the Grateful Dead as well as Francis Cabrel. In 2007 it was taken over by The Fratellis on the Radio 1 Established 1967 compilation and more recently, at the end of 2009, Lisa Gerrard covered it on The Black Opal, in 2012, Francis Cabrel adapted it on his album Vise le ciel. Jimi Hendrix's cover is probably the most famous.
A Day in the Life is a song by the Beatles, which concludes their album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band released June 1, 1967 in the UK and the following day in the US. Bearing the Lennon / McCartney signature, it's actually a collage of two unfinished pieces, one by John Lennon and the other by Paul McCartney, with the latter placed in the middle of Lennon's.
Run Like Hell is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. It appears on the album The Wall, released in 1979. The music was composed by David Gilmour - one of three songs Gilmour composed for The Wall - and the lyrics were written by Roger Waters.
Fix You Singles from Coldplay Speed ​​of Sound Talk Tracks from X&Y White Shadows Talk Fix You is a single from the band Coldplay. It is taken from their third album X&Y.
Konstantin_Päts
Trouble is the third single by alternative rock band Coldplay, from their debut album Parachutes, released October 26, 2000 in the UK and December 18, 2001 in the US. It reached No. 10 on the UK Singles Chart, becoming the second single to enter the UK top 10. Although Trouble didn't make most of the singles charts in the United States, the press gave it almost as much success as their previous single Yellow. Two different video clips were released for the song, one for Europe, the other for the United States.
Don't You Worry Child   is a progressive house song by Swedish DJ and songwriter group Swedish House Mafia performed by Swedish singer John Martin. It is released in digital format under the major EMI while the single was released in France on September 14, 2012. It is the 4th and last single from the compilation album Until Now. It is also the last single from Swedish House Mafia before its dissolution, announced in June 2012. The song is written by the three members of the group, Axwell, Steve Angello and Sebastian Ingrosso, as well as by John Martin and Michel Zitron. It was recorded in 2012 and is produced by Swedish House Mafia.
We Are The World We Are the World is a charity song recorded by the American supergroup USA for Africa in 1985. It is written by Michael Jackson and Lionel Richie, and co-produced by Quincy Jones and Michael Omartian on the album We Are the World. The single aims to raise funds to fight famine in Ethiopia. The historic event brings together some of the most famous artists of the American music industry of the time.
Careful With That Ax, Eugene is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. The studio version is included on Relics, while a live version is available on Ummagumma. The song is featured on many pirate recordings and is an iconic song by Pink Floyd, who played it systematically on stage from 1968 to 1973. In 1969, this song was incorporated into the conceptual suite   The Man under the title Beset by the Creatures of the Deep. She disappeared for the first time from Pink Floyd's scenic repertoire in 1973, and reappeared in 1977, as an encore during the In The Flesh tour for a single final public performance.
"The Unnamed Feeling" is the third single from heavy metal band Metallica from the 2003 album St. Anger. The song is about a nameless feeling   when a person feels on the verge of losing control, just before he or she panics.
Spit It Out is a song by heavy metal band Slipknot. The song is the first single from their namesake debut album.
I'm Waiting for the Man is a song by American rock band The Velvet Underground, written and composed by Lou Reed. She appeared on their debut album, The Velvet Underground and Nico, released in 1967.
That Don't Impress Me Much is the seventh single from Shania Twain's Come on Over album. Like You're Still the One and From This Moment On, this title will meet with enormous international success.
Behind Blue Eyes is a song written by Pete Townshend of the British rock band The Who, initially for his aborted project Lifehouse. She finally appeared in 1971 on the Who's Next album, becoming one of the band's most popular songs.
Shout is a song by the band Tears for Fears, released as a single on November 23, 1984 in the UK. The group's eighth single and second single from the Songs from the Big Chair album, Shout met with huge success, ranking fourth on the UK Singles Chart in January 1985 and reaching No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States. United a few months later. Internationally, this title becomes one of the greatest hits of 1985, reaching the Top 5, or even first place, in many countries. On this occasion, the group Tears for Fears - which already knew a relative fame - acquired the status of pop / rock formation, new wave trend, major of that time.
Before Tomorrow Comes Singles from Alter Bridge Watch Over You Isolation Before Tomorrow Comes is the sixth single from the group Alter Bridge released in 2008.
This Is A Call is the second single from the album Foo Fighters released in 1995. No video has been made for this single. The band performed the song live on The Late Show with David Letterman in the late summer of 1995. Since that performance David Letterman has become a staunch follower of the band. They performed a dozen times on The Late Show with David Letterman.This Is A Call was released as downloadable content in the Rock Band video game video game on December 23, 2008.
Symphony of Destruction is a song by the American thrash metal band Megadeth, from the 1992 album Countdown to Extinction. The lyrics are about an ordinary citizen who could be placed in a position where he can rule the country while the nation is treated like puppets by a shadow government. The Pied Piper   is a reference to the main character in Robert Browning's poem The Pied Piper by Hamelin.
Shout It Out Loud Singles by Kiss Rock and Roll All Nite Flaming Youth Shout It Out Loud is a song by the band Kiss and first single from the album Destroyer. The single ranked No. 31 on the Billboard Hot 100 on May 1, 1976. Shout It Out Loud also ranked No. 16 in Sweden on November 2, 1976 and No. 40 in New Zealand on June 18, 1976. The song reached No.1. first place in Canada on May 22, 1976.
Everlong is the second single by rock band Foo Fighters from the 1997 album The Color and the Shape.
Mercy Mercy is a Duffy song recorded in 2008 for the Rockferry album.
One More Time is a track by the French electronic music group Daft Punk released on November 13, 2000. It is the first single from the Discovery album, of which it is also the first track.
Touchin 'on My Singles by 3OH! 3 Double Vision You're Gonna Love This Streets of Gold Tracks We Are Young House Party Touchin' on My is a song by the American duo 3OH! 3, from their third studio album Streets of Gold . Written by Sean Foreman and Nathaniel Motte and produced by Matt Squire, it was released digitally in the Americas on January 20, 2011, and is the album's third single. First unveiled as the first promotional single on May 18, 2010 on the iTunes Store, the track contains several elements of electronic rock and dance-pop.
Until It Sleeps Singles by Metallica Sad but True Ain't My Bitch Until It Sleeps is the 4th song from the album Load by Metallica. It was written by James Hetfield and Lars Ulrich. This hit radio song is Metallica's first that is not thrash metal and is close to traditional rock. The song is also played with the accompaniment of an orchestra in S&M. It is their first No. 1 single on the US Mainstream Rock charts, as well as their first and only song to reach No. 10 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Bye Bye is Mariah Carey's second single from the album E = mc2.
Shoot to Thrill Back in Black Tracks Hells Bells What Do You Do for Money Honey Shoot to Thrill is the second song from the hard rock band AC / DC's Back in Black album. This song is also featured on the Live album, released in 1992, as a live version taken from The Razors Edge tour. In 2011, a live version from the Black Ice tour was released as a single and on Live at River Plate.
Tears Are Falling Singles from Kiss Thrills in the Night Crazy Crazy Nights Tears Are Falling is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss. Tears Are Falling is a ballad written and composed by Paul Stanley based on a Stevie Wonder song, Uptight. The album cover of the single is identical to the album cover, simply styled with the title of the single instead of the album. The song ranked 51st on the Billboard Hot 100 on November 30, 1985. The track also ranked in the UK at # 57 on November 9, 1985.
Run It is Chris Brown's first single. It was written and produced by Scott Storch and Sean Garrett for his debut album, Chris Brown. He is featuring the American rapper Juelz Santana. The song was released on June 30, 2005. This R&B track has been described as a decrunked version of the single Yeah!   by Usher.
Granada is a song by singer Bruno Mars. It is taken from her debut studio album Doo-Wops & Hooligans. This is the second official single from this album.
Waiting Singles from Green Day Warning Macy's Day Parade Waiting is a song by American punk band Green Day and the third single from their sixth album, Warning :, released in 2000. The song was released as a single in 2001.
Cater 2 U is a song by the American R'n'B trio Destiny's Child. It is written by band members Beyoncé Knowles, Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams, and Rodney Jerkins, Ricky "Ric Rude" Lewis, Robert Waller for their 2004 fourth studio album Destiny Fulfilled. It is produced by Beyoncé, Rude and Jerkins and was released as the fourth and final single in summer 2005, and it took 14th place on the US Billboard Hot 100. Cater 2 U is nominated for two Grammy Awards: Best R'n'B Song and Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals. It is also the group's last well-ranked single.
Barrel of a Gun is a song by the group Depeche Mode composed by Martin Gore and sung by Dave Gahan which appears on the album Ultra. It is the 31st single of the group, published by Mute Records and released on February 3, 1997 with the instrumental title Painkiller on the B side. The release precedes that of the album by more than two months. This is the first Depeche Mode song released since Alan Wilder left.
One of These Days is the first song from the album Meddle by English band Pink Floyd. This is an instrumental, which opens with a wind sound created by a sound oscillator, followed by two bass guitars dubbed in unison by means of an echo chamber simulator, played by David Gilmour and Roger Waters. The instrumental is only broken towards the middle of the song, when a voice recorded at low speed, which gives it a threatening tone, states: One of these days, I'm going to cut you into little pieces. This sentence attributed to Nick Mason, the group's drummer, would be addressed to DJ Jimmy Young, of BBC Radio 2 [ref. necessary].
Acquiesce Singles from Oasis Don't Go Away Go Let It Out Tracks from The Masterplan Underneath The Sky Acquiesce is a song by the English britpop band Oasis. The song originally appeared as a B-side to the debut single off the   Morning Glory? Album, and UK No. 1 debut single Some Might Say, in April 1995. Its popularity led to its inclusion on the B-sides compilation The Masterplan, released in 1998 but above all on the best of Stop The Clocks.
I Do Not Hook Up is the second single from American singer Kelly Clarkson's fourth album, All I Ever Wanted released in 2009. The song was written by Greg Wells, Kara DioGuardi and Katy Perry, indeed the song was originally planned to be on   Katy Perry's Katy Perry album , and was only then called "Hook Up". As the album was never released, Katy Perry "gifted" the song to Kelly Clarkson. The music video, directed by Bryan Barber, was uploaded on April 20, 2009. The single has sold over 800,000 copies, including over 690,000 in the United States.
Guts Over Fear Singles by Eminem Calm Down Detroit vs. Everybody Singles by Sia Chandelier Big Girls Cry Guts Over Fear is a song by American rapper Eminem duet with Australian singer Sia. This is the first single from Shady Records' compilation, Shady XV. It was released on August 25, 2014 on iTunes, the same day Eminem announced the album's release.
Anyway, Anyhow, Anywhere Singles from The Who I Can't Explain My Generation Anyway, Anyhow, Anywhere is a Who song was released as a single in 1965.
Good Morning Good Morning is a song by The Beatles, which was released on the album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band on June 1, 1967 in Great Britain, and the following day in the United States. It is entirely the work of John Lennon, but credited to Lennon / McCartney, like all of the band's songs composed by one and / or the other.
Arlandria is the third single from rock band Foo Fighters from the album Wasting Light released in 2011.
Beat It is a rock song by American artist Michael Jackson, taken from the Thriller album released in 1982. Written and composed by Jackson, co-produced by Quincy Jones, it is the 3rd single from this album. Originally, Jones dreams of a rock 'n' roll song with black music accents, while Jackson is not drawn to rock. Eddie Van Halen, of the hard rock group Van Halen, marks the song with his famous guitar solo, for which he was not paid, "I did it as a service, it seemed normal to me". The lyrics of Beat It   evoke defeat and courage, the fact of never being beaten and that there are other means than violence.
Big Me is the fourth single from the group Foo Fighters from the album Foo Fighters released in 1995. Although it was never in the Billboard Hot 100, the song became a hit for the band it reached number 13. in the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay. The video, which parodies the Mentos ad campaign, was filmed in Sydney, Australia.
Tainted Love   is a song composed by Ed Cobb from The Four Preps. It was first performed in 1964 by Gloria Jones, then by Ruth Swan in 1975. The popularity came with the cover of Soft Cell in 1981 on the album Non-Stop Erotic Cabaret. On the maxi 45, which lasts nearly nine minutes, the song Tainted Love is followed by the song Where Did Our Love Go ?, cover of The Supremes. The single will rank first on the UK charts and eighth on the Billboard Hot 100.
Warped Singles by Red Hot Chili Peppers Soul to Squeeze My Friends Warped is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers and the first single from the One Hot Minute album released in 1995. However, it is very different from the songs we were used to the Red Hots. , in particular on the album Blood Sugar Sex Magik, released four years earlier, since it does not include any funk or rap passages which were until then the specificity of the Californian group. On the contrary, we get closer to heavy metal with psychedelic influences.
King of Pain Singles from The Police Synchronicity II Don't Stand So Close to Me '86 Tracks from Synchronicity Every Breath You Take Wrapped Around Your Finger King of Pain is a song by The Police released in 1983 on the album Synchronicity. King of Pain is the only single from Synchronicity that does not have a music video.
Bohemian Rhapsody is a song written by Freddie Mercury, recorded by the group Queen for the album A Night at the Opera, released in 1975. The song, which adopts the opera-rock style, is based on a structure quite unusual for a title by rock music: divided into six parts, it has no chorus and includes sometimes a cappella, sometimes hard rock arrangements. Despite the singularity of its format, it was released on 45 rpm   and became a huge commercial success, marking a decisive step in the career of the group Queen and laying the foundations for its recognition in the pantheon of major international rock groups. The track was accompanied by what was then called a promotional video, today considered to have helped to lay the foundations for
Goodbye Stranger Singles from Supertramp Breakfast in America Take the Long Way Home Goodbye Stranger is a Supertramp song written by Rick Davies, but credited to Davies / Hodgson. It is found on the Breakfast in America album in 1979, of which it is the third single to appear as a single.
Heal the World Singles by Michael Jackson Who Is It Give in to Me Tracks from Dangerous Can't Let Her Get Away Black or White Heal the World is a song by Michael Jackson, from the album Dangerous. The single, released in 1992, is the sixth track from the album. It is a charity ballad, aimed at raising funds for the fight against famine, poverty and childhood illnesses. The song, released during the Dangerous World Tour, is mainly known because it inaugurates the foundation of the association of Jackson Heal The World, whose goal is to "cure, purely and simply", which will be dissolved in 2001.
Dare) is a song by the English group Gorillaz. This is the second single from the Demon Days album also released in 2005. It is Gorillaz's first single to reach No. 1 on the UK charts. It had been made available on online stores such as the iTunes Store since June 20, 2005. DARE was released in the United States in mid-October. On the Billboard Hot 100, it dropped from 87th place on January 3, 2006 to 8th place on February 21, 2006.
Adam's Song is a song by the band Blink-182 that appears on the Enema of the State album. The single version was released on September 5, 2000 and the song is sung in full by Mark Hoppus. Adam's Song is serious, which contrasts with the usually humorous and offbeat lyrics of the group. More specifically, the lyrics highlight depression and teenage suicide.
Oh Love is a song by the American punk rock band Green Day. It was released on July 16, 2012 as the first single from ¡Uno !, the group's ninth studio album. The song was initially released in digital format before being released on a maxi titled Oh Love EP and as a CD single in August. The style of the song is classified upon its release by the media and by the band itself as power pop, foreshadowing the style of their new album ¡Uno! which comes out two months later. Oh Love receives mixed reviews in the press but still ranks in several international sales rankings and in particular in first place in the Rock Songs ranking established by the American magazine Billboard.
This Is the Last Time is a song by the band Keane from their album Hopes and Fears. His single was released in October 2003. * Music portal Music portal • Song section
The Kill is a song from Thirty Seconds to Mars. The Kill is the group's fourth single, and the second single from the A Beautiful Lie album. It was released in Europe on May 19, 2007, in the United States on January 24, 2006, and in Australia on November 3, 2006. It was a big hit around the world and a relatively decent chart performance. In the United States, he reached third place on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks where he spent 52 weeks ranking. The Kill is featured in the Rock Band video game and in Guitar Hero World Tour.
From This Moment On is a song by Canadian singer Shania Twain from the album Come on Over. Written by Twain and Robert Lange, it was released as a single on March 14, 1998 under the Mercury Records label. It's a country pop ballad written before an Inter Milan game and intended to be a duet with Elton John. Ultimately, they choose Bryan White.
Just Good Friends Bad Liberian Girl Tracks Another Part of Me Just Good Friends is the fifth song from Michael Jackson's Bad album. This is a duet between Michael Jackson and Stevie Wonder, the two men had already collaborated on the album Off the Wall by Michael Jackson. Indeed Stevie Wonder had partly composed the song I Can't Help It. Just Good Friends was not released as a single unlike 9 other tracks on the album. The lyrics for this song were written by Terry Britten and Graham Lyle.
Paperback Writer is a Beatles song, primarily written by Paul McCartney although credited to Lennon / McCartney and released as a single with Rain on the B side. The disc was released on May 30, 1966 in the United States, and the following June 10 in the United Kingdom. . On June 23, 1966, the song reached number one on the British charts and remained there for two weeks. Paperback Writer appears on The Beatles 1962-1966, Past Masters and 1 compilations. The song also appears in the game The Beatles: Rock Band; the cover appearing in the game is that of the dutch single.
Universally Speaking Singles by Red Hot Chili Peppers Can't Stop Fortune Faded Universally Speaking is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers which was released as a single, in Europe only, in 2003. In the clip, we find Dave Sheridan in the role again of the deranged taxi driver. This time, he goes to a Red Hot concert to return Anthony Kiedis a magazine he had left in his cab at the end of the "By the Way" music video. * Rock portal Rock portal    * Music portal Music portal • Song section
Every Little Thing is a song by The Beatles, credited to Lennon / McCartney and released on the Beatles for Sale album. It was composed during a tour of America, mainly by Paul McCartney. It is a declaration of love for his then-girlfriend, Jane Asher, whose devotion to him he marvels at. Composed for the group's next single, the song was quickly relegated to the rank of "filler song" on the record.
A Whiter Shade of Pale Singles by Procol Harum Homburg Tracks by Procol Harum Conquistador A Whiter Shade of Pale is a song by the British group Procol Harum, released as a single in May 1967.
Guilty Conscience Singles from Eminem Role Model Dead Wrong Tracks from The Slim Shady LP My Name Is Brain Damage Guilty Conscience is a song by rapper Eminem, duet with Dr. Dre, released in 1999. It was the third and last single from his first real album, The Slim Shady LP, which was also released that year.
My Friends is the second single from the Red Hot Chili Peppers' album One Hot Minute. Many believe the song relates to John Frusciante's departure from the band, but it's not clear yet. The clip, directed by Anton Corbijn, features the band members on a small boat. Anthony Kiedis admitted that this clip was not very good as it is unrealistic. They recorded a second clip, this time directed by Gavin Bowden, where they are seen in a studio. This clip is featured on the Greatest Hits DVD.
Clocks Singles by Coldplay The Scientist God Put a Smile upon Your Face Tracks from A Rush of Blood to the Head The Scientist Daylight Clocks is a song by the alternative rock band Coldplay released on the album A Rush of Blood to the Head released in 2003 This is the third single from this album. In 2006, Coldplay re-recorded their hit with Cuban musicians from the Buena Vista Social Club, on the charity album Rhythms del Mundo. The track was also covered by the Scottish band Red Hot Cilli Pipers, who are not the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Eat the Rich Singles by Aerosmith Livin 'on the Edge Fever Eat The Rich is a song by the American hard rock band Aerosmith. It was composed by Steven Tyler and Joe Perry with the help of Jim Vallance. It is the first single from the album Get a Grip released in 1993. It did not reach the Billboard Hot 100 but was No. 5 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. It will also serve as an opening for the tour that followed to promote the album. The song is included in the Big Ones compilation released in 1994, and opens the live double album A Little South of Sanity released in 1998.
What Do You Want from Me Tracks from The Division Bell Cluster One Poles Apart What Do You Want from Me is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. This is the second track from The Division Bell album, released in 1994.
The District Sleeps Alone Tonight is a song by The Postal Service, and a single released on July 8, 2003 on the Sub Pop label. This is the second of three extracts from the Give Up album. The artwork on the single's cover is by Kozyndan. A music video was shot for the song.
Walking in My Shoes is the twenty-eighth single from Depeche Mode, released April 26, 1993, the second single from the Songs of Faith and Devotion album. The song reached No. 14 on the UK Best Selling Singles Chart, and repeated the performance of the previous single I Feel You by rising to No.1 on the Modern Rock Tracks charts in the US. In France, the title reached 23rd place in the Top 50.
Cherub Rock is a track by alternative rock band The Smashing Pumpkins recorded in 1993 and released on their second album, Siamese Dream. It was written by Billy Corgan. * Rock portal Rock portal    * Music portal Music portal • Song section
With or Without You is a song by Irish rock group U2, released as the first single from their 1987 album The Joshua Tree on March 21, 1987. The song became the first in the United States and Canada to rank in topped the Billboard Hot 100 for three weeks and the RPM chart for one week.
Communication Breakdown Singles by Led Zeppelin Whole Lotta Love / Living Loving Maid   Tracks by Led Zeppelin Black Mountain Side I Can't Quit You Baby Communication Breakdown is a song by British rock band Led Zeppelin. It was co-written by Jimmy Page, John Paul Jones, Robert Plant and John Bonham. She was featured on the band's debut album Led Zeppelin, released on January 12, 1969, and was also part of the band's debut single. The single was released on March 10, 1969, along with Good Times Bad Times on the A side. Unlike the album, it was not popular when it was released, only reaching # 80 on the US charts, among others. . It is considered to be the first pure hard rock song in history.
Lose Control is a song recorded by Missy Elliott, Ciara and Fatman Scoop for American rapper Missy Elliott's sixth studio album, titled The Cookbook. The first single from the album, it was physically released on May 27, 2005.
You've Got to Hide Your Love Away is a song by The Beatles, released on August 6, 1965 in the UK, and August 13 in the US, on the album Help !, following its inclusion in the film of the same name released on July 29. Although it is written entirely by John Lennon, it is credited with Lennon / McCartney, as with all of the band's songs composed by Lennon and McCartney, in collaboration or not.
They Don't Care About Us is a song by Michael Jackson from the 1995 double album HIStory. This track is the album's 4th single   in the US and its 4th in Europe.
Given Up is a song by the band Linkin Park. This is the fourth single from their third studio album, Minutes to Midnight. This is one of the most aggressive and secular songs on Minutes to Midnight. The single does not achieve the same success as its 3 previous singles, although it appeared in charts a year before its official release. In addition, the title is present in the movie Crank High voltage
Dark Paradise Singles by Lana Del Rey Ride Young and Beautiful Dark Paradise is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Lana Del Rey. Released on March 1, 2013, this is the sixth single from the album Born to Die. From this song, we will especially remember the phrase "Everytime I close my eyes, it's like a dark paradise".
Keep Talking is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. She appeared on The Division Bell album in 1994 and on the compilation album Echoes: The Best of Pink Floyd in 2001. It was the first single from the album. She even came first in the American charts and 26th in the United Kingdom.
I Shot the Sheriff I Shot the Sheriff is a song written and composed by Bob Marley and released in 1973 as the title of the Wailers album Burnin '. The story is told from the perspective of a man who confesses to killing the local sheriff but claims his innocence in the murder of the deputy sheriff, otherwise known as the deputy sheriff. Eric Clapton recorded a cover of it included in the album 461 Ocean Boulevard; it is about the version having had the most success, in particular in the United States where it reached the first place of Billboard Hot 100. On the other hand the resumption of Clapton allowed to relaunch his career and also to make known Bob Marley to a large audience, at a time when it was not yet internationally known.
West Coast is a song recorded by American singer and songwriter Lana Del Rey for her third studio album, Ultraviolence. It was released on April 14, 2014 as the first single from the disc. The song was co-written by Lana Del Rey and Rick Nowels, while production was handled by Dan Auerbach. * Music portal Music portal • Song section   * 2010s portal 2010s portal    * Tennessee portal Tennessee portal
Tie Your Mother Down Singles by Queen Somebody to Love Teo Torriatte   Tie Your Mother Down is a song by the British rock group Queen which appeared on the album A Day At The Races, in 1976, then as a single the following year. * Queen's portal Queen's portal    * Music portal Music portal • Song section   * Rock portal Rock portal
All I Want for Christmas Is You is a song by Mariah Carey featured on her album Merry Christmas. It is the first single, released on November 1, 1994, under the label Columbia Records. The song is written and produced by Carey and Walter Afanasieff. The song includes the sounds of bells, backing vocals and the use of synthesizers. The lyrics state that the protagonist does not want to go for gifts on Christmas but wants to share his vacation with his lover.
The Judas Kiss is a single from Metallica, released on September 9, 2008, from the album Death Magnetic.
Firth of Fifth Tracks from Selling England by the Pound I Know What I Like   More Fool Me Firth of Fifth is a song by the progressive rock group Genesis, released in 1973 on the album Selling England by the Pound. She also appears on Genesis Seconds Out's live album. Hackett covered it on his solo album of Genesis Watcher of the Skies: Genesis Revisited covers. The title is pun on Firth of Forth.
My Wave is the second track from the grunge band Soundgarden's Superunknown album. It was released as a single only in Australia. * Rock portal Rock portal    * Music portal Music portal • Song section
Salvation Singles from The Cranberries Ridiculous Thoughts Free to Decide Salvation is the first single from the Cranberries' album To the Faithful Departed, released in 1996. The theme of the song is the dangers of drugs, with particular references to cocaine and the heroine.
Love on Top is a song by American singer Beyoncé taken from her fourth studio album 4. It is written by Beyoncé, Terius Nash and Shea Taylor; and production is handled by Beyoncé and Taylor. Beyoncé was inspired by the state of mind she had when she played Etta James. Returning to 1980s music, this up-tempo R'n'B song features styles similar to Stevie Wonder, Luther Vandross, Anita Baker, Whitney Houston, Diana Ross and The Jackson 5. Incorporating six key changes, Beyoncé Also makes her highest note when she repeats the song's chorus towards the end of the song. She sings about a man she can always call on, even after going through the heartache and hard work to finally earn her money.
Shelter is a song by the group the xx from the album xx released in 2009. It is the seventh track of the album. It is the only song on the album written and composed without Baria Quareshi, a former member of the group. The song was written by Romy Madley Croft, and the music composed by her, Oliver Sim and Jamie Smith.
Arnold Layne is a song by Pink Floyd. It was released as a single on March 11, 1967 with Candy and a Currant Bun on the B side. The song was written by Syd Barrett, co-founder and first frontman of Pink Floyd and original guitarist. Although not included on the band's debut album, The Piper at the Gates of Dawn, some consider Arnold Layne to be one of the best psychedelic pop songs of his time. étienne Daho, big fan of Syd Barrett, covered this song on the album Tombé pour la France   and on his compilation Collection.
Pow R. Toc H. is a song by Pink Floyd, released in 1967 on the album The Piper at the Gates of Dawn. It is essentially an instrumental dominated by the piano, accompanied by screams and other vocal effects. Its title, imagined by Roger Waters, does not make sense. Pow R. Toc H. was the army signal code for Talbot House, a club where officers and soldiers were equal. It can also mean, if pronounced correctly, "Power Tokage". “Pow R. Toc H. was a song that sounded good, that's it,” Waters said.
Yellow Submarine is a song by The Beatles released on August 5, 1966. Composed for Ringo Starr, it is a children's song sketched out by Paul McCartney and completed by the other members of the group in the studio. Like all songs of one or the other, she is credited with Lennon / McCartney. The Beatles worked on it in the studio on May 26 and June 1, 1966, with the second session calling on many of the band's friends, for backing vocals and various sound effects.
Somewhere I Belong is a song by the band Linkin Park released in 2003 and is the first single from their album Meteora released that same year.
Something from Nothing is the first single from the American alternative rock group Foo Fighters from the Sonic Highways album released in 2014.
Blue Jeans is a song by American singer-songwriter Lana Del Rey, from her debut studio album, Born to Die. The track is composed by Del Rey, Dan Heath and Emile Haynie in addition to being produced by the latter. In most European countries, as well as parts of Asia and America, the track is marketed as the third single from the album. Mixing various musical styles, such as pop, indie pop and hip-hop, it tells the story of a complex relationship that is the source of many problems.
And Your Bird Can Sing is a song by The Beatles. Written by the only John Lennon, it is however credited Lennon / McCartney, as with all the titles of the group written by Lennon or McCartney, in collaboration or not. Originally titled You Don't Get Me, it was recorded in April 1966, and appeared on June 20, 1966 on the American album Yesterday and Today, then in Great Britain on Revolver. The song also appears in The Beatles: Rock Band game.
John the Revelator / Lilian is a single from the band Depeche Mode released on June 5, 2006 by Mute Records. This is the fourth single from the album Playing the Angel and the forty-fourth of the group's career.
Say My Name is a hit song by American R'n'B group Destiny's Child. The song is the third single from the band's 1999 album The Writing's on the Wall, released on the Columbia label in 2000. The single was the biggest hit of the album's four releases and is considered one of their songs. headlights. The song won the award for Best R'n'B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals and Best R&B Song and received two nominations for Recording of the Year and Song of the Year at the 2001 Grammy Awards and also wins an MTV Video Music Award.
Dosed Singles by Red Hot Chili Peppers Can't Stop Fortune Faded Dosed is a song by Red Hot Chili Peppers. It was only released as a single in the United States in 2003 and no music video was made for this single. Four guitars play different pieces to the song and John Frusciante sings the first and third lines of the chorus. * Rock portal Rock portal    * Music portal Music portal • Song section
Get Born Again Singles by Alice in Chains Again Fear the Voices Get Born Again is a song by the American rock group released on July 13, 1999 on the Columbia Records label. The song was recorded from September to October 1998 at the London Bridge Studio in Seattle and appeared on the Nothing Safe: Best of the Box compilation. Written at the same time of the title Died and recorded during the same recording sessions, these two compositions will be the last with the singer Layne Staley who will die in April 2002. The author is Layne Staley and the composer Jerry Cantrell, the title lasts 5 minutes and 26 seconds.
Tales of Brave Ulysses is a song from the group Cream's Disraeli Gears album, released on the B-side of Strange Brew. The track is composed by Eric Clapton with lyrics by Martin Sharp.
If I Needed Someone is a song by The Beatles, released in the UK on the Rubber Soul album, December 3, 1965. It is written and sung by George Harrison, about his then-partner Pattie Boyd. The guitarist composed it based on the style of the Byrds, which he himself had inspired by his playing of the twelve-string electric guitar. This is one of Harrison's first musically elaborate compositions.
Pardon Me is the first single from the third studio album Make Yourself by the American group Incubus. Compared to the band's previous singles, this one received much more rave reviews, as well as more frequent appearances on the radio, including reaching 3rd place on Modern Rock Tracks and 7th on Mainstream Rock Tracks.
'97 Bonnie and Clyde Singles by Eminem Just Don't Give a Fuck My Name Is '97 Bonnie and Clyde is a song by American rapper Eminem released on February 12, 1998 as the second single from The Slim Shady EP. On this album, the song is called Just the Two of Us but was renamed '97 Bonnie and Clyde on the occasion of the release of Eminem's debut album on Dr. Dre's label, The Slim Shady LP in 1999. This song is about how Eminem convinces his daughter to get rid of his wife's body on the beach.
My Name Is   is a song by American rapper Eminem. Released on January 25, 1999, it served as the first single for Eminem's second studio album, The Slim Shady LP. The song is produced by Dr. Dre, owner of the label the rapper just signed on, Aftermath Entertainment. This song mixes funny and horrific lyrics, Eminem's trademark. The title is adored by critics and notably wins the Grammy Award for best rap song. The English magazine Q even considers the song the 6th best in history.
Flaming Youth Singles by Kiss Shout It Out Loud Detroit Rock City Flaming Youth is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss. This is the second single from the Destroyers album released on April 30, 1976 as a 7 "vinyl record via Casablanca Records. The single ranked on June 19, 1976 on the Billboard Hot 100 at # 74. The third track on the album Destroyer, God of Thunder, is used as the B-side for the single.
No Way Back / Cold Day in the Sun is the fourth single by rock band Foo Fighters from the album In Your Honor released in 2005.
U2's New Year's Day Singles A Celebration Two Hearts Beat as One New Year's Day is a song by Irish rock band U2 released in 1983. It is the first single from the album War. This is the best known song from the album along with Sunday Bloody Sunday.
Ask Me Why is a Beatles song composed by John Lennon and Paul McCartney on an idea by John Lennon, in 1962. Featured in the group's repertoire during their concerts at the Cavern Club in Liverpool, the song is performed by the Beatles during their audition at EMI on June 6, 1962. It was not selected by producer George Martin as the first single of the Fab Four. A few times have been recorded. A live version by The Beatles also appeared on an album in 1977.
Light My Fire Singles from The Doors Break On Through   People Are Strange Tracks from The Doors Alabama Song   Back Door Man Light My Fire is a song by The Doors, recorded in August 1966. Although it was signed by The Doors, it was written by Robbie Krieger for the most part. It was written at the request of singer Jim Morrison, who felt that the group needed new compositions. It was released on the band's first album, The Doors, in 1967, then in abbreviated form as a single, with the guitar and organ solos cut off. This single reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 in July 1967.
U2's I Will Follow Singles A Day Without Me Fire Boy's Tracks - Twilight I Will Follow is a song by rock band U2, first track and second single from their debut album, Boy. The single was first released in 1980 in Ireland, United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand, then enjoyed a North American release in 1981, with the track reaching No. 81 in Billboard sales. . A version of the title recorded live in Hattem was then released in 1982 in the Netherlands and then in 1983 in Germany. In 1983 another live version was released in 1983 as a single from the live album Under a Blood Red Sky.
Bitch Please II   is a song by American rapper Eminem. It is the fifteenth track of the album The Marshall Mathers LP released on May 23, 2000. Rappers Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Xzibit and Nate Dogg participate. This is a cover of the song Bitch Please released in 1998 on Snoop Dogg's No Limit Top Dogg album. Xzibit and Nate Dogg were already making an appearance there. The song is much the same, with one nuance, the appearance of two new verses interpreted by Dr. Dre and Eminem.
Harder to Breathe is a song performed by American rock group Maroon 5. Written by frontman Adam Levine, the single is from their debut album Songs About Jane, released in 2002. Harder to Breathe also appears on the live EP 1.22.03.Acoustic from 2004 in acoustic version and on the live album Live: Friday the 13th from 2005.
The Scientist is a song by the group Coldplay released on November 4, 2002, as the second single from the album A Rush of Blood to the Head. This is a ballad with Chris Martin on voice and piano, joined by the rest of the group after the first chorus. Chris Martin says he found inspiration for the song after listening to George Harrison's All Things Must Pass album. He tried to play Isn't It a Pity but he couldn't and "the song [him] came".
Key of Heart is BoA's 21st single released under the Avex Trax label on August 9, 2006 in Japan. It reached 7th place in the Oricon ranking and remains classified for 6 weeks for a total of 40,943 copies sold. The song Key of Heart is on the Made in Twenty album. Key of Heart was used as the musical theme for the animated film Over the Hedge.
Coffee Shop is the fourth single from the Red Hot Chili Peppers' album One Hot Minute. The use of sound distortion on Dave Navarro's guitar track aroused the displeasure of fans of the Californian group who did not recognize the style of the Red Hot. However, the bassline is considered one of the best ever performed by the group's bassist, Flea, thanks in part to his two solos. This song inspired the Verviers group   Coffee Shop, paying tribute to the Red Hot.
Hot Stuff is the 15th single from Kumi Kōda released under the Rhythm Zone label on April 13, 2005 in Japan. He reached 10th place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 16,807 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 6 weeks, for a total of 29,509 copies sold. It is released in CD and CD + DVD format. Hot Stuff was used as the ending musical theme for the Ryuha-R show on TX. Hot Stuff can be found on the Secret album and on the two compilations, Out Works and Collaboration Best and Best: First Things.
Best of You is the first single by rock band Foo Fighters from the album In Your Honor released in 2005.
Crawling is a song by Linkin Park, it is the second single from their debut album Hybrid Theory and the fifth track on the album. The song won a Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance in 2002.
HIStory / Ghosts is the second single from Michael Jackson's album Blood on the Dance Floor - HIStory in the Mix released in May 1997. This single is a "double A-sides"   : "HIStory '"   ; "Ghosts". The title "Ghosts" is also famous for being at the center of the short film Ghosts.
Won't Back Down WTP Recovery On Fire Tracks Won't Back Down is a song written and performed by American rapper Eminem. This title is the fourth track of Recovery, the rapper's seventh studio album and released in 2010. The singer Pink performs the chorus for her first collaboration with Eminem. The song is produced by DJ Khalil, associate producer at the Aftermath Entertainment label which distributes the song. He also participated in the writing of the title alongside Eminem, Erik Alcock and Columbus "Rakhi" Smith. Following the release of the album Recovery, the track received positive reviews for its aggressive character. Although it does not have single status, the song has made it to four national charts. It was used for the
Whatcha Think About That is a song by the Pussycat Dolls feat. Missy Elliot.
Don't Trust Me   is a song by the American duo 3OH! 3. This is their second as well as the first single and third track from their second studio album, Want. The single was certified "gold record" by the Recording Industry Association of America in March 2009, "platinum record" in April 2009, and twice "platinum record" in July 2009.
Feeling This is a song by the band Blink-182 that appears on the Blink-182 album. Its single version was released on October 2, 2003. The lyrics were co-written in two separate pieces by guitarist Tom DeLonge and bassist Mark Hoppus.
Far Away Singles by Nickelback Savin 'Me Rockstar Far Away is the seventeenth single from the group Nickelback and the fourth from the All the Right Reasons album released in 2005.
Living After Midnight Singles by Judas Priest Rock Forever Breaking the Law Living After Midnight is a hard rock song by heavy metal band Judas Priest. It is featured on their British Steel album released in 1980, which was their first certified gold album in the US selling over 500,000 copies. The song is about hedonism, the rebellious spirit of the 1980s, and is among the band's most popular songs. The guitar solo in the song is played by Glenn Tipton.
LAST ANGEL is the 38th single from Kumi Kōda in collaboration with male group Tohoshinki, released under the Rhythm Zone label on November 7, 2007 in Japan. He reached 3rd place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 57,310 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 12 weeks, for a total of 91,620 copies sold. It is released in CD and CD + DVD format.
Baby's in Black Singles by The Beatles Free as a Bird / Christmas Time   Beatles for Sale Tracks I'm a Loser Rock and Roll Music Baby's in Black is a song by The Beatles that was released on their 4th album, Beatles for Sale on December 4, 1964. It was composed by John Lennon and Paul McCartney. The song is a lament about a woman in black who thinks only of a man who will not return, to the chagrin of the singer who thinks only of her. Some writers speculate that this song would allude to Astrid Kirchherr, bereaved over the untimely death of her lover and former band member, Stuart Sutcliffe.
Numb is a track from alternative rock and nu metal band, Linkin Park. It is the 13th and last song on the Meteora album. It is one of the band's best-known songs, and reached 11th place on the Billboard Hot 100 chart where it remains for 32 weeks. It is also the only song in history to earn No. 1 on the year-end Hot Modern rock track two years in a row. It is on the Billboard Year End charts at number 33. Numb has received very favorable reviews, it is one of their most acclaimed songs.
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band is a song by the Beatles, opening the album of the same name released on June 1, 1967 in Great Britain. Entirely written by Paul McCartney, it is however credited, as usual, to Lennon / McCartney. The song was recorded between February and April 1967, during sessions for the album Sgt. Pepper at Abbey Road EMI Studios.
Careless Memories Singles by Duran Duran Planet Earth Girls on Film Careless Memories is a song by the group Duran Duran released as a single in 1981. It is the second single from the group's debut studio album, Duran Duran, also released in 1981.
She Loves You is a Beatles song, composed by John Lennon and Paul McCartney and released as a single on August 23, 1963 with I'll Get You on side B. This fourth Beatles single is the first to exceed one million copies sold in Great Britain, it is a No. 1 for four weeks, which then remains in the top three places of the charts for seven weeks, then returns to the top for two more weeks. He entered the "top 20" in August 1963 and did not leave it until February 1964.
Head Crusher is a song by Megadeth and first single from the Endgame album. The song was nominated at the 52nd Grammy Awards for "Best Metal Performance", the band's first nomination in 13 years with the 1997 single Trust. The track was also offered by Roadrunner Records for download free for 24 hours via their website.
My Band is a song by the American rap group D12, taken from the album D12 World released in 2004. Produced by Eminem, it is the first single from this album, the second from the group. The song is distributed by Interscope Records and Shady Records, a label founded by Eminem and Paul Rosenberg. The song was a big hit, including first in Australia, New Zealand and Norway. The single is very humorous and has a video clip parodying the songs Lose Yourself by Eminem, In da Club by 50 Cent or Milkshake by Kelis. This song is self-deprecating about Eminem's popularity and his impact on the rest of the band.
You Really Got Me is a Kinks song released in 1964. Written by Ray Davies, it stands out for its guitar riff which is one of the most famous in rock history. Upon release, it ranked No. 1 in UK sales for two weeks and went on to become a rock classic. With her distorted guitar sound, she is sometimes considered the first piece of hard rock.
My Apocalypse is the 42nd single from the American heavy metal band Metallica, and the second from the Death Magnetic album. An intro to the 1:03-long song used during the band's concerts was released in 2009 as a free, legal download on livemetallica.com. The lyrics for this song contain the album title, Death Magnetic, since the album does not contain any eponymous songs.
Tunnel Vision Singles by Justin Timberlake Mirrors Holy Grail Tunnel Vision is a song by American pop singer Justin Timberlake, 3rd single from his third studio album, The 20/20 Experience.
I Don't Want To Spoil The Party is a song credited to Lennon / McCartney and was featured on the Beatles for Sale album in 1964. Composed by John Lennon during the band's US tour in August 1964, it is about 'a very personal text on his part, on the discomfort he feels about always having to look happy in this period of Beatlemania. The song is performed in a folk style which sometimes features country sounds.
Dreaming of Me is Depeche Mode's very first single recorded at Blackwing Studios, released on February 20, 1981 in the UK. The single was not released in the United States or France. Two remixes of the song have been released, one with a fading effect, and the other with an end of its own. The normal version was released on 7 inch vinyl and on the 1988 reissued CD version of Speak and Spell in Europe; while the American version of Speak and Spell   contains the attenuated version. The remastered version of Speak and Spell in 2006 also includes this extended version, for all regions.
You Know My Name   is a Beatles song composed by John Lennon. Although the first recordings began in 1967, it was not released until much later, on the B-side of their last British single, Let It Be, on March 6, 1970. The year before, Lennon had considered releasing it. as a single from the Plastic Ono Band, the group he launched with Yoko Ono, which could not be done.
Give Life Back to Music Singles by Daft Punk Instant Crush Gust Of Wind Give Life Back to Music is a song by the French electronic music group Daft Punk. This is the fifth single from the album Random Access Memories released in 2014. Nile Rodgers and Paul Jackson, Jr. participated in this song while playing guitar.
Highway to Hell is a song by hard rock band AC / DC featured on the 1979 album of the same name. The song was also released as a single the same year. This song, written by Bon Scott, Angus Young and Malcolm Young, has become one of the most famous rock songs. In 2009, Highway to Hell received the Australia's Most Performed Overseas Work award at the APRA Awards by the Australasian Performing Right Association.
Lost in the Echo is the second single from Linkin Park's fifth studio album Living Things. It was released on July 23, 2012.
Paradise Singles by Coldplay Every Teardrop Is A Waterfall Charlie Brown Tracks by Mylo Xyloto Hurts Like Heaven Charlie Brown Paradise is a song by British band Coldplay, taken from their fifth album Mylo Xyloto. It was first broadcast on September 12, 2011 on BBC Radio 1.
I'm Free is a song by British rock band The Who. It appears on the rock opera Tommy released on May 23, 1969. It was released as a single worldwide, except in Great Britain, reaching in particular the 37th place of the American charts.
One Step Closer is the first single from the debut album Hybrid Theory by American nu metal band Linkin Park released in 2000. A music video was even made of which he is the band's first. It is also played in all concerts, either at the either start or finish, and reached # 75 on the Billboard hot 100 and # 5 on the Modern Rock Track.
Speechless is a song written by American artist Lady Gaga, from her second album The Fame Monster. The trail was written by Gaga to convince her father, Joseph Germanotta, to agree to have open heart heart surgery in order to cure his aortic valve dysfunction. At the same time, Gaga wants to make her younger fans like their parents. The ballad, in blues rock, glam rock and country style, recalls the music of Queen, David Bowie and Pink. The title's studio instrumentation is recorded live and consists of piano, guitar and drums.
Baba O'Riley is a song written by Pete Townshend of the British rock band The Who. She appears on their album Who's Next. This is the first track on the album. The song has been released as a single in several European countries but not in the UK. It was recorded at Olympic Studio in May 1971. The words Baba O'Riley do not appear at any time in the song, so the song is also known as   Teenage Wasteland, a phrase taken from the chorus.
Whataya Want from Me is the second single from American singer Adam Lambert, from his debut album For Your Entertainment. Originally the song was written by Pink, Max Martin and Shellback and recorded by Pink for her album Funhouse but at the last moment it was not selected for inclusion, so the singer decided to offer the title. to Adam Lambert. The single was produced by Max Martin and Shellback, who collaborated with Pink, Britney Spears, Katy Perry, Allison Iraheta and Carrie Underwood. Adam received a Grammy Award in 2010 for best song of the year.
Comfortably Numb is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd that appeared on the album The Wall released in September 1979. It was also released as a single with Hey You from the same album opposite B. Comfortably Numb is one of three songs credited by David Gilmour and Roger Waters on The Wall. Indeed, the music was more composed by Gilmour - then Waters added some notes - and the lyrics are from Waters alone. The song is one of the best known of the group, mainly thanks to the guitar solos that compose it. This song was ranked 314th greatest song of all time, according to Rolling Stone magazine. In 1989, readers of the Pink Floyd fanzine The Amazing Pudding voted Comfortably Numb as best Pink Floyd song, all
Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood is a song written by Bennie Benjamin, Gloria Caldwell and Sol Marcus for pianist / singer Nina Simone, who first recorded it in 1964. Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood was recorded and performed by many artists, she is best known for her version of The Animals released in 1965. In 1977, the disco / Latin version of Santa Esmeralda was also a hit.
Under Pressure is a song written and performed by Queen and David Bowie. Released as a single in October 1981, this song is the English group's first collaboration with another artist, and appears on their Hot Space album released in 1982.
Can't Stop Singles by Red Hot Chili Peppers The Zephyr Song Dosed Can't Stop is a song by Red Hot Chili Peppers. This is the third single from their 2002 album, By the Way. The song is often a fan favorite on this album and is featured in virtually all of their live performances.
Love and Honey   is the 11th single from Kumi Kōda released under the Rhythm Zone label on May 26, 2004 in Japan. He reached 4th place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 34,681 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 35 weeks, for a total of 150,634 copies sold. It is Kumi Kōda's first single to be released in CD and CD + DVD format.
Maggie's Farm Singles by Bob Dylan Subterranean Homesick Blues Like a Rolling Stone Maggie's Farm is a song by Bob Dylan that appeared in 1965 on the album Bringing It All Back Home. It is sometimes interpreted as a charge addressed to the folk movement from which Dylan was beginning to break away at the time. At the Newport Folk Festival, she is performed in an electric version that sows the audience's turmoil.
Uno is a song by the group Muse released in 1999. It is the very first single from the group, taken from the album Showbiz. Despite a warm reception by critics, it only reached 73rd place on the UK Singles Chart at the top.
I Know What I Like   is a song by British progressive rock band Genesis. Written by the members of the group, the song appeared on the album Selling England by the Pound, in November 1973, then as a single in February 1974. It became a "minor success" in April 1974, where it reached number 21. on the UK Singles Chart. Peter Gabriel was inspired by a painting by Betty Swanwick to write the lyrics. Steve Hackett is one of the song's great composers, who grew from one of his riffs.
Policy of Truth is the twenty-fifth single from Depeche Mode, released on May 7, 1990, the third single from the Violator album. It is the only single from DM to have placed better in the charts of the best sales of American singles   than in the British charts. The title reached 31st place in the Top 50 in France.
Fear of the Dark Singles by Iron Maiden Wasting Love Hallowed Be Thy Name Fear of the Dark is a song written by Steve Harris, bassist and main songwriter of Iron Maiden, released as a single on March 1, 1993. It is the only song by the eponymous album to be performed frequently in concert, although Afraid to Shoot Strangers was often performed live until 1998.
Justin Timberlake's Mirrors Singles 'Suit and Tie' Tunnel Vision Mirrors is a song by American pop singer Justin Timberlake from his third studio album, The 20/20 Experience. She was released as a single on February 11, 2013. This song pays homage to her grandparents.
Thank You Girl is a song by The Beatles, which appeared on the B-side of their third single, From Me to You. It is a song once considered as side A and intended to thank the many fans of the group. Both songs from the single were recorded on March 5, 1963, but harmonica overdubs were performed on March 13. The single was released on April 11 and topped the charts. This is the group's first indisputable number one, the status of Please Please Me being more ambiguous.
Crazy Little Thing Called Love is a song by British band Queen, written by Freddie Mercury. Taken from the album The Game, it was released as a single in October 1979, and reached number one on the American charts, and second on the British charts.
All Apologies is a song by American grunge band Nirvana, written by frontman Kurt Cobain. It was released in September 1993 as the second single from their third album In Utero, with the B-side song Rape Me. All Apologies reached No. 32 on the UK Singles Chart.
Resolve is the third single from rock band Foo Fighters from the album In Your Honor released in 2005.
Taxman is a Beatles song written by George Harrison. She opened their seventh album Revolver, released on August 5, 1966 in Great Britain and three days later in the United States. The guitarist sings in the first person, assuming the role of a tax collector of which he makes a sharp criticism. Unlike usual, the guitar solo, heard twice in the song, is played by Paul McCartney, not Harrison.
Marrakesh Express is a song by Crosby, Stills & Nash, released in 1969 on the eponymous debut album Crosby, Stills & Nash. The songwriter, Graham Nash, a former member of The Hollies, had wanted to record it with them. There was even an attempted recording and there is a demo in the band's archives. The music is pop and country inspired.
One is a song by the American heavy metal band Metallica. Released as the third and final single from their fourth album ... And Justice for All, One is also the band's first Top 40 single, reaching number 35 on the Billboard Hot 100. Power ballad type, it is one of the band's most popular songs and has remained a major live reference since the album's release, making it the most played song on the album ... And Justice for All.
How You Remind Me is the first single from the Canadian group Nickelback, released in 2001, from the album Silver Side Up. A Gold Mix version has been released for later editions in which the stronger guitar tracks have been removed from the chorus. This single is the last rock track to hit number one on the Billboard Hot 100 until the Maroon 5 song Makes Me Wonder six years later. Band frontman, singer and guitarist Chad Kroeger wrote the song about his ex-girlfriend Jodi, with whom he had a dysfunctional sexual relationship. He refers to this song as the one that made Nickelback famous. It is often considered the flagship song of the group.
One Singles by U2 Mysterious Ways Even Better Than the Real Thing One is a song by Irish band U2. This is the third single from their album Achtung Baby. The song gives rise to several interpretations concerning the meaning of the lyrics:   One is a song about the group and the difficulty of living together. Or quite simply, it's a song about a couple who are breaking up. Or: One would be the letter to his father from a gay man with AIDS. . Everyone can therefore make their own interpretation.
Higher is a song by Californian rapper The Game from his debut studio album, The Documentary. The track was released as the fourth single from the album on March 7, 2005 in France under the Aftermath, G-Unit and Interscope labels. The song is written by Jayceon Taylor and Curtis Jackson. It is produced by Dr. Dre and Mark Batson. The single enters at the 47th place in France and remains for 14 consecutive weeks. In the United States, he peaks at # 8 in the Bubbling Under R & B / Hip-Hop Singles.
Side of a Bullet Singles by Nickelback If Everyone Cared Gotta Be Somebody Side of a Bullet is the twentieth single from the group Nickelback and the seventh from the album All the Right Reasons released in 2005.
Candy Shop is a song by American rapper 50 Cent featuring RnB singer Olivia from his second album, The Massacre. The track was released as the album's second single on February 1, 2005. The song was written by 50 Cent and Scott Storch. Scott Storch, who also produced the song, drew inspiration from Middle Eastern music. The song was one of the most popular songs of the year, being in the top ten in the majority of the global charts.
Now I'm Here Singles by Queen Killer Queen Bohemian Rhapsody Now I'm Here is a song by the group Queen featured on the album Sheer Heart Attack in 1974, then released as a single in 1975. The song, written by Brian May while 'he was in the hospital, was ranked 11th in the Charts [Which?].
All I Really Want to Do is a Bob Dylan song released in 1964 on the Another Side of Bob Dylan album. It was notably covered by the Byrds and Cher, who drew successful singles from it. Musically simple, his lyrics are essentially a list of things, physical and psychological, that Dylan doesn't want to do or be for the listener. In the chorus, he says “all I really want to do is baby be friends with you”.
Anytime is the 39th single from Kumi Kōda released on the Rhythm Zone label on January 23, 2008 in Japan. He reached 4th place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 43,051 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 5 weeks, for a total of 53,189 copies sold. It is released in CD and CD + DVD format. Anytime was used as an advertising campaign for music.jp. Anytime can be found on the Kingdom album, on the Best ~ Third Universe ~ compilation and on the Koda Kumi Driving Hit's remix album.
Dead Memories is a song by heavy metal band Slipknot, and third single from their fourth album All Hope Is Gone released on December 1, 2008. A music video for the single is produced by PR Brown and Shawn Crahan, and aired on the show. Headbangers Ball on MTV on October 25, 2008.
Jesus of Suburbia Singles from Green Day Wake Me Up When September Ends The Saints Are Coming   Jesus of Suburbia is a song by the American punk rock band Green Day. The song was released on October 25, 2005 as the fifth and final single from their seventh studio album, American Idiot, released on September 21, 2004. It is subdivided into five parts that follow one after the other. other: Jesus of Suburbia, City of the Damned, I Don't Care, Dearly Beloved and Tales of Another Broken Home
Heroin is a song by American rock band The Velvet Underground, written   and composed by Lou Reed. It appears on their first album, The Velvet Underground and Nico, released in 1967. Often considered one of the best compositions of the group, it openly describes a person using heroin. Critic Mark Deming wrote: "While Heroin hardly encourages drug use, she does not clearly condemn it either, which makes it all the more disturbing to many people." Lou Reed said, “It wasn't for or against. It was just about taking heroin from a consumer's point of view. I still don't understand what is so important. There is a song called Heroin. So what ? »But for Maureen T
Whiplash is a song by the American heavy metal band Metallica. She is credited with James Hetfield and Lars Ulrich and was the sixth track and the first single from their 1983 album Kill 'Em All. The song has been covered numerous times, most notably by Motörhead whose version won a Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance. Whiplash was also Kurt Cobain's favorite song; singer of the group Nirvana
This Boy is a song by The Beatles, which first appeared on the B-side of the single I Want to Hold Your Hand in November 1963. Written by John Lennon, This Boy is characterized by the three part harmonies of Lennon, George Harrison and Paul McCartney, an exercise to which they still lend themselves on Because years later.
Antidote is a song by Swedish house music group Swedish House Mafia with Australian electro duo Knife Party. The title is released on December 16 in the United States and January 15, 2012 in the United Kingdom under Major EMI. 2nd single from their 2nd compilation album Until Now, the song was written by Axwell, Steve Angello, Sebastian Ingrosso, Rob Swire, Gareth McGrillen. Antidote is produced by Swedish House Mafia and Knife Party. The EP Antidote will be   released on January 15, 2012 on Itunes store in the United Kingdom.
All That I Need Is To Be Loved is a song by American electronic artist Moby released in 1993. First featured on the EP Move - The EP released the same year, it was then released in 12 "format. song is taken from the album Everything is Wrong   as the 1st single.The song Where You End released in 2005 on the album Hotel contains a sample of this song.
Little 15 is the twenty-first single from Depeche Mode released on May 16, 1988, fourth single from the album Music for the Masses. The song originally wasn't supposed to be a single, but a French label wanted to release it as a single.
Mr. Blue Sky is a song by the Electric Light Orchestra. The song is the fourth and final of the Concerto for a Rainy Day, on side 3 of the original LP. Although at the end we hear a "Mis-ter-Blue-Sky-Yi" recorded on the vocoder, it is in fact a "Please-turn-me-o-ver" which is said. This fact was confirmed by Richard Tandy, the original keyboard. The song was fourth on "Hot 100 top 40" on the album Out of the Blue. The single reached sixth place in the UK and thirty-sixth in the US.
Dazed and Confused is a song composed by American singer-songwriter Jake Holmes for his first studio album "The Above Ground Sound" by Jake Holmes released in June 1967 on the Tower Records label, then rearranged by guitarist Jimmy Page with the Yardbirds and eventually recorded with their new band Led Zeppelin for their debut album titled Led Zeppelin released January 12, 1969 by Atlantic Records. Accused of copyright infringement by Jake Holmes in June 2010, Jimmy Page reached an amicable agreement with the folk musician in January 2012 so that he stopped the proceedings.
Black Night Singles by Deep Purple Hallelujah   Strange Kind of Woman Black Night is a song by the British hard rock group Deep Purple released in 1970. It was released as a single in June 1970 to promote the album In Rock, on which it did not appear. not, and met with great success on both sides of the Atlantic: No. 2 in the UK, No. 66 in the United States. The group quickly integrates it into their live repertoire, usually as a reminder.
Please Please Me is a song by The Beatles, composed in 1962 by John Lennon and signed Lennon / McCartney. Inspired by the songs of Roy Orbison, this composition with potentially sexual connotation lyrics is energized under the impetus of producer George Martin who asks the group to accelerate the tempo, also adds vocal harmonies and harmonica. Rejected as the B-side of the group's first single, Love Me Do, the song was re-recorded in November 1962.
Times Like These is the second single by rock band Foo Fighters from the One by One album released in 2002.
Muscle Museum is a song by the band Muse released in 1999. It is the band's 3rd single and third single from the Showbiz album, peaking at # 43 on the UK Singles Chart. The title takes its origin in the 2 words which surrounded "muse" in the dictionary which the group leafed through, in search of a name. The accompanying video for the single, directed by Joseph Kahn, mixes up several footage of people crying in various situations, as well as Muse themselves.
Gust Of Wind Singles by Pharrell Williams Hunter Singles by Daft Punk Give Life Back to Music Gust Of Wind is a song by singer Pharrell Williams and electronic music group Daft Punk. This is the 6th single from Pharrell's second album, Girl. It was released in October 2014, it was launched by a clip directed by Edgar Wright.
Candy and a Currant Bun is the B-side of the lead single from British rock band Pink Floyd. It was first performed live in 1967. Before the recording company forced Syd Barrett to rewrite the song without its controversial references to sex and drugs, it was titled Let's Roll Another One. Like most Pink Floyd songs of the time, it included a long instrumental passage in the middle of the song.
You Shook Me All Night Long is a hard rock track by Australian band AC / DC which is featured on the Back in Black album. The song has become a great classic and has since been featured in almost all of their concerts. This song is about a crazy night of love with a woman. This song was released as a single in August 1980 and was AC / DC's first single with Brian Johnson. The original clip is featured on the Family Jewels 3 DVD in the Backtracks set and the 1986 clip is featured on the Family Jewels double DVD.
All the Small Things is a song by the band Blink-182 that appears on the Enema of the State album. Its single version was released on January 18, 2000. This song was ranked number 1 on the American Modern Rock Tracks chart, a chart of alternative rock songs. It was then the first single from Blink-182 to occupy this place, which strongly contributed to the exposure of the group to the general public. The lyrics were written by guitarist Tom DeLonge and are about his girlfriend and future wife Jennifer Jenkins.
The Crow, the Owl and the Dove is a song by the band Nightwish and second single from the album Imaginaerum. The single was released on March 2, 2012 and contains an unreleased song called The Heart Asks Pleasure First, a cover of the same name from the movie The Piano Lesson. The title was initially recorded during the recording sessions of the Dark Passion Play album but the British composer Michael Nyman, did not give permission to be able to publish it under this album. The single ranked No. 1 in Finland and No. 82 in Germany.
Cigarettes and Alcohol Singles from Oasis Live Forever Whatever Tracks from Definitely Maybe Bring It On Down Digy's Dinner Cigarettes and Alcohol is a song by British britpop band Oasis, featured on the album Definitely Maybe as track # 8, and is the fourth single from this album. The song was ranked 43rd best British song of all time by XFM in 2010.
Jumpin ', Jumpin' is a 2000 R'n'B hit song by US girl group Destiny's Child. This is the fourth and final single from the band's second album, The Writing's on the Wall. The single found success in the charts. The song was ranked 232nd in Pitchfork Media's Top 500 Songs of the 2000s.
Pride   is a song by rock band U2. This song is the second from their 1984 album, The Unforgettable Fire. Pride   was written in honor of Martin Luther King. It received a wide variety of comments but was a major commercial success for the group and became one of the band's most popular songs. Pride appeared on The Best of 1980-1990 compilation as the opening track, and on the 2006 compilation U218 Singles.
Go Out Singles by Blur Under the Westway There Are Too Many of Us Go Out is a track from the English group Blur. This is the first single from the album The Magic Whip. A lyric video was posted on YouTube on February 19, 2015.
Whole Lotta Love is a song by British rock band Led Zeppelin. It was written by everyone in the band, based on a song by Willie Dixon. She opens the group's second album, Led Zeppelin II, released on October 22, 1969, and is also the group's second single. The single was released on November 7, 1969, along with Living Loving Maid. Like the album, it was very popular when it was released, reaching # 2 on the US charts, and # 1 in Australia. It has also been certified "gold" by the RIAA.
Smells Like Teen Spirit is the first song from the album Nevermind, by the American grunge group Nirvana, released in 1991. Composed a little before the recording of the album, it owes its name to a reference made by a friend of Kurt's Cobain, the singer of the group, to a brand of deodorant, unbeknownst to him when he thought he saw an anarchist allusion. The title uses a dynamic inspired by Pixies which plays on the alternation between calm verses and powerful chorus with a main riff with four chords. His words seem meaningless and have given rise to various interpretations, sometimes contradictory.
Soldier is an R'n'B / hip-hop song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Kelly Rowland, Michelle Williams, Rich Harrison, Sean Garrett, TI, and Lil Wayne for Destiny's Child's fourth studio album, Destiny Fulfilled of 2004.
A Winter's Tale Singles by Queen Heaven for Everyone Too Much Love Will Kill You Tracks from Made in Heaven You Don't Fool Me It's A Beautiful Day   A Winter's Tale is a song by the band Queen, written by Freddie Mercury. It was released in December 1995 and is the second single from the Made in Heaven album.
Let It Flow is a song by American artist Toni Braxton from her second studio album Secrets. It was released as a single on May 21, 1996 under the LaFace Records label. She is released on Double Side A with You're Makin 'Me High. The song is written and composed by Babyface. "Let It Flow" is included in the soundtrack of the hit film Where are the Men ?.
Heart of Glass Singles by Blondie Hanging on the Telephone Sunday Girl Heart of Glass is a song by Blondie from 1978. Heart of Glass is the cult song from the 1978 Parallel Lines album and it is with this title that Blondie s' is made known. It was recorded in 1975 in a slower version, re-recorded in 1978. Released as a single in 1979, the song went number one in the United States, Germany, Great Britain, Australia and Austria.
He Said She Said is a song by Ashley Tisdale which is on her Headstrong album. This is the 2nd single from his album.
Spread Your Wings is a song by British band Queen, written by bassist John Deacon. From the News of the World album, the song was released as a single in February 1978.
Have a Cigar is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd which appeared on the album Wish You Were Here in 1975.
Think for Yourself Rubber Soul tracks Nowhere Man The Word Think for Yourself is a Beatles song composed by George Harrison and released on their Rubber Soul album in 1965. It is his first composition with protest tones, containing the seeds of songs more virulent like Taxman, but also the beginnings of songs relating to his spirituality, like Within You Without You.
Digital Love Singles by Daft Punk Aerodynamic Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger Tracks by Discovery Aerodynamic Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger Digital Love is a song by the French electronic music group Daft Punk. Third track of the Discovery album, it is also the 3rd single, released on August 21, 2001.
Savoy Truffle is a song by The Beatles, written by George Harrison and released on the White Album. Harrison wrote this song as a tribute to his friend Eric Clapton's chocolate addiction. Many of the lyrics are taken straight from the wrapper of a box of 'Mackintosh's Good News' British chocolate.
Learning to Fly is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. It appeared on the album A Momentary Lapse of Reason, released in 1987, and on the compilation Echoes: The Best of Pink Floyd, released in 2001. It was probably this song that was the most successful when it was released. A Momentary Lapse of Reason. It was regularly performed at the start of the show after Shine On You Crazy Diamond or Signs of Life in the tours of the last two records. During the tours, towards the end of the song, they were playing a guitar sample from the song Young Lust.
This Picture Singles by Placebo The Bitter End Special Needs This Picture is a song by the rock band Placebo. This is the third track from the Sleeping with Ghosts album; it was performed as a single. The This Picture music video features actress Asia Argento.
Otherside Singles by Red Hot Chili Peppers Around the World Californication Otherside is a song by Red Hot Chili Peppers. Released in 2000, it is the third single from the Californication album. The song evokes the struggle of ex-heroin addicts against their old demons while thinking of their friends lost to drugs.
Beautiful is a rap song written and performed by American rapper Eminem. The song is featured on her sixth studio album, Relapse. It was released as the fourth single on May 12, 2009 on iTunes for digital downloads.
You're Going to Lose That Girl is a Beatles song released on the Help !, album composed mainly by John Lennon   for the movie Help !. This is a love song taking up a theme already mentioned in She Loves You: the risk of losing your loved one if you don't take care of them. The song was boxed in two takes in February 1965. In the film, the band sings the song in the recording studio while members of an Indian cult try to capture Ringo Starr.
Parallel Universe Singles by Red Hot Chili Peppers Californication By the Way Parallel Universe is a song from the Californication album by the Red Hot Chili Peppers. The single released in 2000 was only available in the United States, Europe, the fifth single from the album was "Road Trippin '".
Warning Singles from Green Day Minority Waiting Warning is a song by the American punk band Green Day and the second single from their sixth album, Warning :, released in 2000.
Raining Blood Singles by Slayer Angel of Death Tracks from Reign in Blood Postmortem Raining Blood is a song by the American thrash metal band Slayer released on the album Reign in Blood released on October 7, 1986. Originally released as the seventh and final track on the album, it was released as a single the same year. Written by Jeff Hanneman and Kerry King, the song is one of the best-known of the group, mainly thanks to its main riff that composes it. This song is described as a "classic" by Allmusic. The song in the media and elsewhere, including the episode Crève Hippie, Crève! by South Park and on Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock, said to be one of the most difficult songs on the setlist in Career mode. There is also a live appearance of the c
Sweet Impact is BoA's 23rd single released on the Avex Trax label on April 25, 2007 in Japan. It reached 5th place in the Oricon ranking and remains classified for 7 weeks for a total of 42,789 copies sold. The song Sweet Impact is on The Face album.
Starless is a track by the progressive rock band King Crimson that appeared on the Red album in 1974. The lyrics and melody of Starless were written by John Wetton. Basically, the track should be the title track from the band's previous album, Starless and Bible Black, but Robert Fripp and Bill Bruford did not wish to record it, preferring an instrumental composition. Nevertheless, Wetton's song was not abandoned: with modified lyrics and a new instrumental section, it was performed on stage by the band between March and June 1974. For Red's recording sessions, the lyrics were again. modified, with contributions from Richard Palmer-James. The introductory theme, originally played by David Cross, is picked up by Fripp.
Libertine is a song performed by Mylène Farmer. This is the third single   from his debut studio album, Cendres de lune, which was released at the same time. This is the singer's first real hit, which allows her to experience real success with a large audience, definitely launching her career. Libertine will reach tenth place in the French Top 50. Kate Ryan's cover was released as a single in 2002.
Heaven for Everyone Singles by The Cross Shove It Manipulator Heaven for Everyone Singles by Queen These Are the Days of Our Lives A Winter's Tale Heaven for Everyone is a song written by Roger Taylor. She initially appeared on her band's debut album The Cross, Shove It, sung by Freddie Mercury. She was re-recorded with the three surviving members of Queen after Mercury's death for their 1995 album Made in Heaven. She is the first single released.
Airplane Singles by Red Hot Chili Peppers My Friends Coffee Shop Airplane is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers, taken from their album One Hot Minute. This is one of the few singles that Dave Navarro plays on. The song was inspired by a gospel song "Jesus Is My Airplane" that the band members had heard. The video clip introduces us to Flea's daughter with the rest of her kindergarten class.
Something in The Way is a song by the band Nirvana from the album Nevermind. Legend has it that band frontman Kurt Cobain slept for a while under a bridge over the Wishkah River near Aberdeen, which inspired him to sing this song. Running away from family disputes between his parents, he spent a lot of time there. New Musical Express magazine ranks it 14th in its list of Nirvana's 20 best songs. The song on the original Nevermind album contains a hidden track, Endless, Nameless at 14:35.
Echoes is a song by Pink Floyd, with long instrumental passages, sound effects and rock improvisation. It was written by the four members of the group, Echoes is the long final of the Meddle disc. The song lasts twenty-three minutes and thirty seconds and takes the entire B side on the vinyl recording. It also appears more briefly as the fifth song of the compilation to which it gives its name, Echoes: The Best of Pink Floyd. Echoes is the third longest song in Pink Floyd's repertoire after Atom Heart Mother    and the nine parts of Shine On You Crazy Diamond. Echoes, however, is not
Man Overboard is a song by the band Blink-182 which appears on the live album The Mark, Tom, and Travis Show, as a studio recording. Its single version was released on October 2, 2000. The lyrics are about the departure of Scott Raynor's band, the former drummer of Blink-182. [Ref. necessary]
Tell Me is the second single from Diddy's 2006 Press Play album, duet with American singer and songwriter Christina Aguilera. The song is produced by Just Blaze. According to All Access, radio stations broadcast it from November 7, 2006.
Double is BoA's 11th single released on the Avex Trax label on October 22, 2003 in Japan. It reached 2nd place in the Oricon ranking and remains ranked 13 weeks for a total of 82,395 copies sold. The songs Double and Midnight Parade can be found on the Love and Honesty album.
Fortune Faded Singles by Red Hot Chili Peppers Universally Speaking Dani California Fortune Faded is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers. It was released in 2003, at the same time as their compilation album Greatest Hits. Two different versions exist, the first contains "Fortune Faded" and two other songs, "Eskimo" and "Bunker Hill", the second includes "Californication" and "Tuesday Night in Berlin", both remixed by Ekkehard Ehlers. The original version of the latter song was performed at a concert in Berlin on Tuesday August 19, 2003.
Meet El Presidente Singles by Duran Duran Skin Trade I Don't Want Your Love Meet El Presidente   is a song by the group Duran Duran released as a single in 1987. It is the third and last single from the group's 4th studio album, Notorious, released in 1986.
All Hope Is Gone is a song by heavy metal band Slipknot, taken from the homonymous album. It was put online as a free download for one day on June 20, 2008 in mp3 format on the band's official website, then as a paid download on June 23, 2008. The song was originally advertised by Blabbermouth as "a violent song" taken from the band. 'All Hope Is Gone' album, scheduled for radio release on June 15 of the same year.
Survivor is a song by the American R'n'B group Destiny's Child. It was written and composed by band member Beyoncé Knowles, Anthony Dent, and by Mathew Knowles for the group's third studio album Survivor released in 2001. The song won the Grammy Award for Best R&B Performance by a Duet or Duo. group with vocals at the 44th Grammy Awards.
Lick It Up is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss. The album bears the same name as the single. Written by guitarist, singer Paul Stanley and guitarist Vinnie Vincent, the song was released as the first single from the Lick It Up album released in 1983. Lick It Up has been performed numerous times by the band, the title figure on the albums Alive III and Kiss Symphony: Alive IV. This title is also present in the box set of 5 CD The Box Set released in 2001. In 2010, it is one of the only songs selected from their period without makeup to be played live.
Wild Ones is a song by American rapper Flo Rida and Australian singer Sia, 2nd single from Flo Rida's album of the same name: Wild Ones). The song was produced by French duo soFLY & Nius and Swedish DJ Axwell. The single enters the 57th place of the American Billboard Hot 100 chart and then reaches the Top 5 of this chart. It serves as a secondary theme for the wrestling show WrestleMania XXVIII.
Aerials is a single from the American rock band System of a Down. It is taken from the album Toxicity, for which the group was nominated for a Grammy Award for best hard rock performance in 2003. Aerials tops the US music charts Hot Mainstream RockTrack and Hot Modern Rock Tracks. When Aerials is performed on stage, singer Serj Tankian accompanies himself on rhythm guitar. This song is about life "Life is a waterfall"
Dig It is a song by The Beatles, released on the Let It Be album on May 8, 1970 in Great Britain, and ten days later in the United States. This short piece is only a tiny extract from a twelve-minute "beef" that took place in January 1969 in Apple studios, at 3 Savile Row in London. Many times shortened for release on the stillborn album Get Back, the song was ultimately released on the final album in a 50-second version.
Fight Music is a single composed by the American rap group D12, taken from the album Devil's Night released in 2001. Produced by Dr. Dre and Scott Storch, it is the fourth single from Devil's Night. The song is distributed by Interscope Records and Shady Records, a label founded by Eminem and Paul Rosenberg. The song has found some success especially in the British Isles. The song is featured in the soundtrack of the comedy Project X.
For All the Cows is the fourth single from the album Foo Fighters released in 1995. A music video was announced, the band members were dressed as cows, in connection with the album cover, but the music video was not released. been done.
At Last is a 1941 blues song written by Mack Gordon and Harry Warren for the musical film Orchestra Wives starring George Montgomery and Ann Rutherford. This first version of At Last appears as a duet sung by Ray Eberle and Pat Friday on an accompaniment by Glenn Miller and his orchestra. Separately, a recording of the song was made in 1941 for possible inclusion in the film Sun Valley Serenade but was never released. The song was eventually recorded for commercial release in Chicago on May 20, 1942 and was released on RCA Victor Records under catalog number 27934. According to the tsort.info website, the song was a big hit for Miller as it reached No. 9. place in the Billboard pop charts
I'm So Glad is an early 1930s song by Skip James. It was inspired by another song by Art Sizemore and George A. Little called So Tired. It was notably covered by Cream on their first album Fresh Cream, then in concert version on their last album Goodbye. It was this cover of Cream that gave Skip James most of his fame. The song was also covered by Deep Purple on their 1968 album Shades of Deep Purple.
Holiday Singles by Green Day Boulevard of Broken Dreams Wake Me Up When September Ends Holiday is a song by American punk rock band Green Day and the third single from their seventh album, American Idiot, released in 2004. Although on the album the song being a prelude to Boulevard of Broken Dreams, Holiday was released as a single later. In the United States, it reached ninth place on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and first place on the Modern Rock Tracks chart.
Follow Me is a song and the sixth track from the album The 2nd Law by British band Muse. It was released as the 4th single and third single from the album on December 10, 2012 and 29th single from the group's discography. This is the album's fourth promotional single after Survival, a few weeks earlier as the official London Olympics anthem, Unsustainable in early August and Madness in mid-August. The official music video was published on YouTube by the official Muse channel on December 11, 2012.
Body Language is the second single from Queen's Hot Space album, released in April 1982. Receiving a mixed reception in its country of origin, the song was however broadcast a lot on American radios and therefore had a some success.
Bleed It Out is the second single from Linkin Park's Minutes to Midnight album, released in July 2007.
Take a Bow is a song by American artist Madonna, from her album Bedtime Stories. The song co-written and produced with Kenneth "Babyface" Edmonds was exploited as a single in December 1994. It was the artist's longest-running number one single in the United States.
My Plague is a song by the metal band Slipknot released on July 8, 2002, and third single from their second album Iowa. The song's New Abuse Mix is ​​included in the Resident Evil movie soundtrack. The New Abuse Mix is ​​a heavier remixed version of the song.
Attack is a song from Thirty Seconds to Mars. Attack is the group's third single, and the first single from the album A Beautiful Lie. It was released in Europe on April 12, 2005 and in the United States on May 3, 2005. It achieved considerable popularity around the world and a relatively decent chart performance. In the United States, it reached number twenty-second on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks. Attack is featured in the Rock Band video game and ATV Offroad Fury 4.
The Magic Whip Blur Albums Think Tank The Magic Whip is Blur's eighth studio album, released on April 27, 2015. It was recorded between Hong Kong and London.
My Hero is the third single by rock band Foo Fighters from the 1998 album The Color and the Shape, recorded in 1997 at the Grandmaster Recorders in Hollywood. There is a music video for this song.
Tell Me What You See is a Beatles song credited to Lennon / McCartney, but composed only by Paul McCartney, who in hindsight judges it to be quite weak. However, it is part of the period the group is going through, marked by the appearance of new instruments, and the experimentation of new genres. Recorded in February 1965 for the movie Help !, it was finally rejected but appeared on the B-side of the album of the same name released in August 1965 in the United Kingdom. In the United States, it appeared on Beatles VI in June of the same year.
Come Together is a Beatles song, written by John Lennon, but credited to Lennon / McCartney, as are all of the band's other songs composed by John Lennon or Paul McCartney, in collaboration or not. She opens Abbey Road, the last album recorded by the Beatles, released on September 26, 1969 in the United Kingdom and October 1 in the United States.
Too Much Information Singles by Duran Duran Come Undone Perfect Day Too Much Information is a song by the English group Duran Duran, released as a single in 1993. It is the third single from Duran Duran, the group's 7th studio album also released in 1993. This single album is also known as The Wedding Album, to differentiate it from the other eponymous album Duran Duran released in 1981.
Fascination Street Singles by The Cure Lullaby Lovesong Tracks from Disintegration Lullaby Prayers For Rain Fascination Street is a song by The Cure on the album Disintegration. She was chosen as the first single in the United States, in place of Lullaby. The tracks on the B side are the same as those of the single Lullaby. On the maxi, Fascination Street is in a long version.
I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For is a song by rock band U2. It is the second track and also the second single from their album The Joshua Tree released in 1987. The song is a hit, as it became the second consecutive single to be number one on the Billboard Hot 100 after With or Without You. In the UK the song reached 6th place on the UK Singles Chart and in France the best place reached is 37th.
Castle of Glass Singles by Linkin Park Lost in the Echo A Light That Never Comes Castle of Glass is a song from the album Living Things by the band Linkin Park released in 2014
Around the World is a single by the Red Hot Chili Peppers from their album Californication released in 1999. This single which is the second on the album was released in two different versions which each contain different B sides. The first version contains a demo version of "Parallel Universe" and "Teatro Jam", an unreleased song. The second version features two live songs Me and My Friends and Yertle Trilogy.
Onna to Otoko no Lullaby Game   is the 44th regular single from Morning Musume.
Detroit Rock City is a song by American hard rock band Kiss that appeared on their 1976 album, Destroyer. The song was written by Paul Stanley and Bob Ezrin, and is based on a real fact: a fan who was killed in a car crash on his way to a Kiss concert.
"Head Like a Hole"   is the second single from Nine Inch Nails for the Pretty Hate Machine album.
Survival is a song by American rapper Eminem from his eighth studio album, The Marshall Mathers LP 2. The chorus is performed by singer Liz Rodrigues. The title was revealed on August 14, 2013 to promote the multiplayer mode of the Call of Duty: Ghosts video game and was released as a single on October 8, 2013. It is Eminem's first song released since Space Bound in March 2011.
I Want Out Singles by Helloween Dr. Stein Kids of the Century I Want Out is a song from the album Keeper of the Seven Keys Part 2 by the German heavy metal band Helloween, which was released as a single in 1988. It is one of Helloween's most recognizable songs, and it's often performed live by Helloween and Hansen's current band: Gamma Ray. Numerous groups have covered the song, including Hammerfall and Sonata Arctica.
Under the Bridge is a song by American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers from their fifth studio album Blood Sugar Sex Magik and released as a single on March 10, 1992. Lyricist Anthony Kiedis writes the full lyrics for the song, which covers about his feeling of loneliness from the other members of the group, his love for the city of Los Angeles and the consequences of drugs on his life.
Say Something is the second single from American rapper Timbaland's third studio album, Shock Value II. The song is in collaboration with Canadian singer Drake. The single was released for legal download on November 3, 2009. In the remix version, American singer Chris Brown is featured. The single was physically released in Australia only. The track debuted at 94th place on the Billboard Hot 100 for the week ending January 23, 2010, and has since reached 23rd place, making it the second best position on the album.
Still Into You Singles by Paramore Now Daydreaming Still Into You   is the second single from the album Paramore   by the American group Paramore. Released in March 2013, the song is written by Hayley Williams and Taylor York; produced by Justin Meldal-Johnsen.
Sulfur is a song by heavy metal band Slipknot, and fourth single from their fourth album All Hope Is Gone released on June 15, 2009. A music video was uploaded on April 18, 2009. This is the band's last music video. alongside Paul Gray, found dead on May 24, 2010.
Call Me Singles by Blondie The Hardest Part Atomic Call Me is a song by the American band Blondie.
Rusty Cage is a song by the grunge band Soundgarden. This is the track that opens their third album Badmotorfinger. It was released as a single in 1992.
Apologize Singles by OneRepublic The Way I Are Release Apologize is a song written by Ryan Tedder of OneRepublic for their debut album, Dreaming Out Loud released in 2007. According to the group's MySpace site, the song "explores the personal pain of several relationships ranging from through and the need to leave ". The song was the biggest hit in North American Top 40 radio history, it was played 10,331 times in a week, until the song was surpassed by Leona's “Bleeding Love”. Lewis, who was also co-authored by Ryan Tedder of OneRepublic.
World in My Eyes is the twenty-sixth single from Depeche Mode, released September 17, 1990, the fourth and last single from the Violator album. This title was a success in Germany where it reached 7th place in the ranking of best-selling single. It is also having some success in the UK, ranking 17th. In France, it reached 30th place.
Ai no uta is the 37th single from Kumi Kōda released under the Rhythm Zone label on September 12, 2007 in Japan. He reached 2nd place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 65,276 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 22 weeks, for a total of 134,831 copies sold. It is released in CD and CD + DVD format.
The Chauffeur Pistes de Rio Save a Prayer The Chauffeur is a song by the English group Duran Duran, featured on their 2nd studio album, Rio, released in 1982. The lyrics were first written by Simon Le Bon as a poem in 1978, two years before he joined the group. Originally, two different versions of the song were recorded by Duran Duran, and the song was covered by at least three other artists. Two clips of the song were produced at different times and by different directors. Contrary to the group's custom, the song's title does not appear anywhere in the lyrics, but the chorus has been used by Duran Duran on two occasions, once as the title of a tour video and a second time as a
King Nothing Singles by Metallica Mama Said Bleeding Me King Nothing is a song by Metallica on their sixth album Load. The lyrics refer to the people who devote their whole life to making money, until one day they realize   that all the money they get is nothing of use. A second meaning refers to people who have spent their lives wishing   rather than earning what they desire. the song sounds like one of their classic hits: Enter Sandman, because they have the same structure.
Mama Said is a song by Metallica on their sixth album, Load. The lyrics, written by James Hetfield, are about a man who, growing up, separates from maternal protection. The song is written in connection with the difficult relationship between James and his mother, who died of cancer. Hetfield alone, performed this song live, in acoustic version only. This song comes out of the thrash metal register to which Metallica belongs. Indeed, several styles are found in this song, such as blues, country and hard rock.
Staying Power is the last single from Queen's Hot Space album, released in November 1982, only in Japan and the United States. The maxi American 45 is a promotional disc, the only disc on which we can find the extended version of the song, which is almost a minute and forty seconds longer than the album version. The version of Back Chat on this same single is also said to be extended.
I Was Born to Love You Singles by Queen A Winter's Tale Too Much Love Will Kill You I Was Born to Love You is a song written by Freddie Mercury. She initially appeared on her first solo album, Mr. Bad Guy, in 1985, and was released as a single. She was re-recorded with the three surviving members of Queen after Mercury's death for their 1995 album Made in Heaven. Queen's single was released in 1996, but only in Japan. He came out in 2004, still in the same country.
I Am the Walrus is a Beatles song, written by John Lennon, but credited to Lennon / McCartney. It was posted on the B-side of the single Hello, Goodbye. She also appears on the album Magical Mystery Tour and in the film of the same name intended for the small screen. It is also only on this occasion that I Am the Walrus will be performed by the group.
Eleanor Rigby is a Beatles song, written primarily by Paul McCartney and credited as customary to Lennon / McCartney. It was released on August 5, 1966 in the United Kingdom, and three days later in the United States, in two formats: as the second track on the Revolver album, as well as as a single with Yellow Submarine, from the same album. The two titles, in "double side A", reach the first place of the British charts.
English Summer Rain Singles from Placebo Protect me Twenty Years English Summer Rain is a song by the rock band Placebo. This is the second track from the Sleeping with Ghosts album. It was performed as a single. This song, built on a repetition like Taste in Men, addresses love from a distance. Two lovers are separated by 2000 meters above sea level, one looking up to the sky to see the plane in which the other takes off towards other horizons. Like a chronic illness, "the English summer rain" exacerbates the lack and represents melancholy.
A Taste of Honey is a popular song written by Bobby Scott and Ric Marlow.
Anarchy in the UK Anarchy in the UK is a song by the Sex Pistols, a British punk group formed in 1975. The song was first released as a single on November 26, 1976 by EMI, with I Wanna Be Me on the B side, only to end up the following year on the album Never Mind the Bollocks, Here's the Sex Pistols on the Virgin label. The single, first and last with the company EMI, only reached 38th place on the UK charts   but the song's influence has been immense in the musical world.
Get Lucky is the first single from Daft Punk's Random Access Memories album, co-written and performed in collaboration with Pharrell Williams and Nile Rodgers. Prior to its official launch, the single Get Lucky premiered on Saturday Night Live and at the Coachella Festival. Acclaimed by specialist critics, the title met with significant international success by being No. 1 in many countries during the summer of 2013.
Love Sex Magic Singles by Ciara Never Ever Like a Surgeon Singles by Justin Timberlake Dead and Gone Carry Out Love Sex Magic is a song by American singer Ciara in duet with singer Justin Timberlake. The song from her third studio album Fantasy Ride was officially released as a single on March 13, 2009 in the United States. The track was written by Justin Timberlake, James Fauntleroy II, Robin Tadross, Mike Elizondo and produced by The Y's, Mike Elizondo.
I Feel Fine is a Beatles song, signed Lennon / McCartney and released as a single in December 1964. Recorded two months earlier at EMI studios, this song is distinguished by a characteristic sound audible the first few seconds: a feedback effect obtained by placing a guitar near the speaker it is plugged into, which John Lennon claims as a first in rock history. With She's a Woman on the B side, the single I Feel Fine reached number one on the British and American charts.
Not Myself Tonight is the 1st single from Christina Aguilera's Bionic album. Unveiled on March 30, 2010 on the official American website of Christina Aguilera, it has been available for legal download since April 12. This song deals with the theme of bisexuality, via the example of a young woman who drank too much during a party and embraces all the men and women on the dance floor.
Rope is the debut single from rock band Foo Fighters from their 2011 album Wasting Light.
I Don't Want Your Love Singles by Duran Duran Meet El Presidente All She Wants Is I Don't Want Your Love is a song by the group Duran Duran, released as a single in 1988. It is the first single from their 5th studio album , Big Thing, also released in 1988. As on the cover of Big Thing, the name of the group is written here "Duranduran".
The Zephyr Song Singles by Red Hot Chili Peppers By the Way Can't Stop The Zephyr Song is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers. Released in 2002, the single is the second single from their album By the Way. Two different versions were available in the bins, each containing different bonus songs that were all part of the 12 songs written at the time of the album's recording but not selected for inclusion on it. CD1 contains the songs "Body of Water" and "Someone" while CD2 contains "Out of Range" and "Rivers of Avalon".
Till There Was You is a song written in 1957 by Meredith Willson. It was covered by the Beatles on their album With The Beatles.
Umbrella is a song by Barbadian RnB artist Rihanna, accompanied by a rap verse by Jay-Z. The song was co-written by The-Dream, Christopher Stewart, Kuk Harell and Jay-Z and composed and performed by Stewart. She was released on April 2, 2007, as the first single from her third studio album, Good Girl Gone Bad.
Just Dance is the first single from American artist Lady Gaga. The song is written by Gaga, Akon, RedOne, who also contributes backing vocals, as well as RedOne, who additionally produces the track, and is in collaboration with Colby O'Donis. She was released in 2008, as the 'conductor' single of Gaga's debut album, The Fame. The track is written by Gaga in ten minutes in a "funny studio". The track has several R&B influences and lyrically deals with intoxication in the clubs.
Walk this Way Cover of the original version of Aerosmith Walk This Way is a song by the hard rock band Aerosmith written by Steven Tyler and Joe Perry. Another version of the song was recorded in 1986 with Steven Tyler, Joe Perry and the rap group Run-DMC. Indeed, Aerosmith being in lack of popularity decided to remaster its composition with a group of rap. The title, according to Tyler and Perry, is directly inspired by Mel Brooks' film Frankenstein Junior, when Doctor Frankenstein tries to teach his creature to walk.
Any Time at All is a Beatles song composed by John Lennon but is credited to Lennon / McCartney in 1964. Lively rock, the song is a derivative of It Won't Be Long released a few months earlier, mounted on the same chords and with the same type of voice. Lennon explains to a young girl that he will be available for her at all times. In addition to the opening of the B-side of A Hard Day's Night, Any Time at All appears in the United States on Something New. Some time later, the song appeared in the UK on Extracts from the Album A Hard Day's Night.
Never Tear Us Apart Singles by INXS New Sensation Mistify Never Tear Us Apart is a song by Australian rock band INXS featured on their 1987 Kick album. The song was written by vocalist Michael Hutchence, composed by Andrew Farriss and produced by Chris Thomas.It was the subject of a single in August 1988. The music video, directed by Richard Lowenstein, was shot in Prague. It was awarded as the best music video at the ARIA Awards in 1989. In 1997, the title was broadcast during the funeral of Michael Hutchence. Since then, many fans consider it the singer's anthem.
Try Again is a song performed by RnB singer Aaliyah, written by Static Major and Timbaland, produced by the latter, recorded in January 2000 and released as a single from the soundtrack to the movie Romeo Must Die on April 24, 2000. C t is mainly with this title that Aaliyah became known in France. It is indeed his biggest hit.
Bicycle Race is a song by the British band Queen, written by Freddie Mercury. From the Jazz album, the song was released as a single in October 1978.
New Divide is a single by the alternative rock band Linkin Park, released on May 18, 2009. It was composed for the soundtrack of the movie Transformers 2: Revenge, released on June 24, 2009. This single is not inserted in their next album released on September 13, 2010, A Thousand Suns. Mike Shinoda said that Shia LaBeouf helped the group direct the music video to stay with the theme of the film. Shia LaBeouf is also one of the producers of the clip. [Ref. necessary] The New Divide single has already sold at least 1,000,000 copies since it was classified platinum in the United States.
A Saucerful of Secrets is an instrumental song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd that appeared on the 1968 album of the same name. The song was originally called Massed Gadgets of Hercules.
Heads Will Roll is a song and the second single from the third album of the American music group Yeah Yeah Yeahs, released in England on vinyl and CD on June 29, 2009. Co-written by Karen O and Nick Zinner, singer and guitarist respectively of the group , the song was one of the last ones written for the It's Blitz! album. It is produced by British sound engineer Nick Launay and New York guitarist Dave Sitek.
Polly is a song by Nirvana originally appearing on the Nevermind album. Alternative or live versions are available on the Incesticide,,   Live at Reading albums . The version on Nevermind is only acoustic, it was recorded in April 1990 at Smart studios. The versions on Incesticide and From the Muddy Banks of the Wishkah are faster and are played with an overdriven guitar. New Musical Express magazine ranks it 18th in its list of Nirvana's 20 best songs.
Girls on Film Singles by Duran Duran Planet Earth Girls on Film Girls on Film is a song by the group Duran Duran released as a single in 1981. It is the third single from the group's debut studio album, Duran Duran, also released in 1981.
Butterflies Singles by Michael Jackson Cry One More Chance Tracks from Invincible You Rock My World Speechless Butterflies is a song by Michael Jackson that appears on track 7 of the album Invincible. The song is the third and last track from the album to be single in 2001. The single was not released in France, it was released in the US and UK. Butterflies entered the American Top 20 and even climbed to second place in the R'n'B chart without having a single released.
'39 Tracks from A Night at the Opera You're My Best Friend Sweet Lady '39 is a song by the group Queen composed by Brian May, appearing in the fifth position of the first side of the album A Night at the Opera released in 1975 , and on the B side of the single You're My Best Friend released the following year.
Rich Girl is a pop-ragga song performed by singer Gwen Stefani with the collaboration of rapper Eve. Produced by Dr. Dre, it is a cover of Louchie Lou & Michie One's eponymous track from 1993, which itself is an adaptation of If I Were a Rich Man from the musical Fiddler on the Roof. In this title, Stefani talks about her dreams of fame and wealth when "she was just a girl from Orange County in California".
Let's Get It Started is a song by American band The Black Eyed Peas from their third studio album Elephunk. The track was released as the fourth and final single from the album on June 22, 2004. The song was written by William Adams, Allan Pineda, Jaime Gomez, Terence Yoshiaki, Michael Fratantuno, George Pajon, Jr. and produced by will .I am. The song originally appeared on the album under the title Let's Get Retarded.
Dreams is a song by Fleetwood Mac written and composed by Stevie Nicks. Released in 1977 on the album Rumors, Dreams was also released as a single the same year with Songbird on the B side. The single was released in March in the United States and reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 in June. It is the first and, to date, the only No.1 Fleetwood Mac in the United States. In the UK, the single was released in June and ranked 24th.
Love of My Life is a song by the British band Queen, written by Freddie Mercury. From the 1975 album A Night at the Opera, a live version of the song was released as a single in June 1979, and reached No. 1 on the Argentinian and Brazilian charts.
Californication is the fourth single from the Red Hot Chili Peppers' album of the same name. It's a protest song against globalization, like many other songs on the album. She also talks about pornography - the title Californication may be the fusion of the words "California" and "fornication" - and makes several references to pop culture, including Star Trek, Star Wars, Kurt Cobain, singer of the group Nirvana, the David Bowie's Station to Station album but also to accusations of lies regarding the moon landing of the Apollo missions.
Prisoner of Love   is the twenty-first single   from Hikaru Utada, released in 2008.
Zombie is a protest song by Irish group The Cranberries, which appeared on the No Need to Argue album in 1994. It evokes the North Irish conflict and contains references to the 1916 Easter uprising. In addition, it features riffs by guitar with unusual sounds for the group.
Sleep When I'm Dead Singles from The Cure Freakshow The Perfect Boy Sleep When I'm Dead is a song by British band The Cure, released as a single on July 13, 2008 with the B-side Down Under.Sleep When I'm Dead appears on the 4:13 Dream album with a significantly different mix. Down Under is not on the album.The band have been playing the song live since May 2008. It was originally a song written during the session of the album The Head on the Door, released in 1985, and remained unreleased.
Freakshow Singles from The Cure The Only One Sleep When I'm Dead Freakshow is a song by British band The Cure, released as a single on June 13, 2008 with the B-side All Kinds of Stuff. Dream with a significantly different mix. All Kinds of Stuff is not available on the album.The band had been playing the song since October 2007 under the title Don't Say Anything then Freak Show. Like the previous single, Freakshow reached number one on the charts in Spain.
Can't Get It Out of My Head Singles by Electric Light Orchestra Ma-Ma-Ma Belle Boy Blue Tracks by Eldorado Eldorado Overture Boy Blue Can't Get It Out of My Head is a song by Electric Light Orchestra, released in 1974 on the Eldorado album. It was the first single from the album, with Illusions in G Major on the B side. This single, released the same year, ranked 9th in the US and was ELO's first entry in the US Top 10. In the United Kingdom, Can't Get It Out of My Head did not enter the charts until 1978, when it was reissued in an EP which ranked 34th.
Band on the Run Singles from Wings Jet Junior's Farm Tracks from   Band on the Run Jet Band on the Run is a song by the Wings, released on December 7, 1973 on the eponymous album Band on the Run.
Badge is a rock song by the group Cream, written by Eric Clapton and George Harrison during a collaboration between Clapton, Harrison and Ringo Starr and recorded in 1968. It is included on the album Goodbye. Reaching No. 60 on the Billboard Hot 100, Badge was a minor hit as a single released in April 1969.
Love Buzz Singles by Nirvana Sliver Tracks from Bleach School Paper Cuts Love Buzz is a song by the Dutch band Shocking Blue covered by the grunge band Nirvana on their album Bleach. The subject of this song is the success, the arrogance and the way of life of the artists. * Rock portal Rock portal    * Music portal Music portal • Song section   * 1980s portal 1980s portal
She Wolf is the first single from Shakira's She Wolf album which was released on October 5, 2009 worldwide. The song has a Spanish version called Loba. The premiere of Loba, on June 29, 2009, was broadcast on many radio stations. As for the premiere of She Wolf, on July 13, it was heard on KIIS-FM radio. Since July 14, She Wolf and Loba are available for download on iTunes. Less than 24 hours after its release, She Wolf reached twentieth place on the iTunes Store charts, as for Loba, she was second on iTunes Latino.
All My Life is the first single by rock band Foo Fighters from the One by One album released in 2002.
Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go is a song by the English duo Wham !, released as a single in 1984.
Give It Away Singles by Red Hot Chili Peppers Show Me Your Soul Under the Bridge Give It Away is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers. Released in 1991, it is one of five singles from the album Blood Sugar Sex Magik. Give It Away is a five-minute ode to selflessness and has achieved success around the world, quickly becoming the hallmark song of the Red Hot's funk style. The song won a Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance in 1992, further boosting its popularity.
By the Way is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers, also released as a single, and taken from the album of the same name. It is part of the continuity of the song Californication since the character of Dani is found. Only mentioned in the 1999 song, her name and story are more detailed in the chorus. Anthony Kiedis later admitted that this girl had something personal about him since she sort of represents the kind of girls he's always dated [ref. necessary]. The continuation of Dani's “adventures” continues in the single Dani California, the first single from the Stadium Arcadium album.
Ibiza Bar is a song by Pink Floyd, featured on the album More. This is the ninth track on the album. In the film, the establishment "Ibiza Bar" is not in Ibiza but in Paris. It's a song quite similar to The Nile Song featured on the same album. She also flirts with hard rock. The group The Replicants as well as Love Battery made a cover of it.
Rolling in the Deep is a song by British singer Adele, taken from her 21 second album. The song was written by Adele and Paul Epworth. It is described as a dark, blues / gospel / disco song.
The Memory Remains Singles by Metallica Bleeding Me The Unforgiven II The Memory Remains is a song by Metallica, released as the first single from the 1997 album ReLoad. It was first performed live in a jam version on July 2, 1996. The song is written by James Hetfield and Lars Ulrich. The theme of the song is about a fallen celebrity desperate to reclaim his lost glory, a theme similar to that of the film Sunset Boulevard. The Memory Remains is performed by Metallica and Marianne Faithfull.
Guilty All the Same is the first single from the 6th studio album by American nu-metal band Linkin Park. It was unveiled on March 6, 2014 on Shazam. The song surprises with its heavy and heavy side, which the group had more or less abandoned since their album Minutes To Midnight. Rapper Rakim participates on this title.
All Good Things   is a song written by Nelly Furtado, Timbaland, Danja and Chris Martin for Nelly Furtado's album Loose. This is the third single from the album for Europe, the fourth for the United States.
Not Now is a song by the band Blink-182 that does not appear on any of the band's studio albums. This song first appeared on the UK version of the Blink-182 album in 2003, then on the single I Miss You in 2004 and finally on a multi-band compilation called Atticus: ... Dragging the Lake, Vol. 3 in 2005. Its single version was finally released on November 28, 2005. This is the last single from the group to be released before their temporary separation in 2005.
Just is a single from the British group Radiohead released in 1995. It is the seventh track from their album The Bends. Band frontman Thom Yorke wrote the lyrics to this track about a narcissistic friend of his. He also said that this track was a competition between him and Jonny Greenwood, the band's guitarist, to see who could fit the most chords into a single song.
Fuck You !, censored in Forget You or simply FU for the radio versions, is a song by American singer Cee Lo Green which was released as a single from his third studio album, The Lady Killer. A music video for the song was released on YouTube on August 19, 2010, featuring kinetic typography and with the song's lyrics appearing in various colored backgrounds with graininess that overlaps the video. The same is done with words in German and Spanish which translate the lyrics of the song even if the song remains in English. The official music video was released on September 1, 2010.
Iridescent is the fourth single from Linkin Park's A Thousand Suns album. It was released on May 27, 2010. Iridescent is the soundtrack of the latest Transformers 3: The Dark Side of the Moon, and the third song to make the Transformers soundtrack after What I've Done for the first film and New Divide for the Second film. It's the only song where you can hear all the band members singing.
Down in it   is the first single from the group Nine Inch Nails. This single was first released on vinyl before being released on CD. Released in 1989, this disc, whose main title is Down in it, was remixed by Adrian Sherwood and Keith Leblanc. Note: The Down in It remix   is instrumental, and the skin version is from the album.
Enter Sandman Singles from Metallica One Don't Tread on Me Tracks from Metallica Sad but True Enter Sandman is a song by the American heavy metal band Metallica. It was released as the first single for the promotion of their fifth album Metallica released in 1991. The music was written by Kirk Hammett, James Hetfield and Lars Ulrich. Vocalist and rhythm guitarist Hetfield wrote the lyrics, which deal with nightmares in children.
BUT / Aishô is the 35th single from Kumi Kōda released under the Rhythm Zone label on March 14, 2007 in Japan. He reached 2nd place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 63,692 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 14 weeks, for a total of 130,890 copies sold. It is released in CD and CD + DVD format. Purpose was used as the musical theme for the Japanese version of the movie Step Up. Aishô was used as the musical theme for the drama Ai no Rukeichi.
I Drove All Night is a song written by Billy Steinberg   and Tom Kelly   and made famous by Cyndi Lauper. Originally written for Roy Orbison, who recorded it in 1987, this original version would not be released until 1992, when Cyndi Lauper's interpretation had already made it famous in 1989. The song was covered in 2002 by Pinmonkey, in 2003 by Céline Dion and in 2012 by The Protomen.
One of Us Singles by ABBA Lay All Your Love on Me Slipping Through My Fingers One of Us is a single from the Swedish group ABBA released in 1981. It is the first single from the album The Visitors. The song is performed by Agnetha Faltskog. With The Winner Takes It All, this reggae-rhythm song expresses in its own way the bitterness linked to the upcoming dissolution of the group, against the backdrop of the respective divorces of Björn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson at the start of 1981. The singer opposes the debut of the group to the present situation, whose tragic is summed up by the refrain:
I Me Mine is a song by The Beatles, written and composed by George Harrison, and released on May 8, 1970 on the album Let It Be. She also appeared on Anthology 3 in 1996, and on Let It Be ... Naked in 2003. Rehearsed during the Get Back project sessions in January 1969, but finally boxed a year later   by George Harrison, Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr , after the final departure of John Lennon, it marks the very last recording session of The Beatles. I Me Mine is also the title of the autobiography that George Harrison published in 1980.
Stranger in Moscow is a song by Michael Jackson from the double album HIStory. The single, released in November 1996, is the fifth   and final single from the album. Like They Don't Care About Us it is more popular in Europe than in the United States. In England, Stranger In Moscow reached 4th place, and will remain in the top 100 for 16 weeks. In Spain and Italy, he is number one, while in the Eurochart he reached 6th place and will accumulate 17 weeks of presence. The song was remixed in 1997 and featured on Blood on the Dance Floor: HIStory in the Mix.
The Tide Is High The Tide Is High is a 1967 song written by John Holt and originally performed by The Paragons with John Holt as lead singer. The song went almost unnoticed in the world until it was rediscovered in 1980 when it became US and UK number 1 sales by the Blondie group. The girls band Atomic Kitten was also ranked number 1 with their version of the song in 2002, and was also a hit for Kardinal Offishall.
Ain't No Other Man is the 1st single from Christina Aguilera's Back to Basics album. The song is a big success which allows it to win 2 NRJ Music Awards in 2007 and a Grammy Award in 2007 in the category.
Blur Albums of Blur The Great Escape 13 Blur is the fifth album of the British rock group Blur, released on February 10, 1997. This opus marks the peak of the Britpop movement of which Blur boasts of being the figurehead, with singles-hits such Song 2, Beetlebum or even On Your Own. However, tracks like Theme from Retro, Death of a Party or the strange Essex Dogs remain on the sidelines, and can be seen as the heralding of a change of style for the group, which will confirm this musical turning point in 1999 with their album. next: 13.
Revolution Singles by The Beatles Lady Madonna / The Inner Light Get Back / Don't Let Me Down Past Masters Tracks Hey Jude Get Back Revolution is a Beatles song, composed by John Lennon and released in two different versions in 1968. The first version was recorded on the first day of The Beatles album sessions, May 30, 1968. In a blues and slow style, harmonized and arranged with brass, this song is not considered commercial enough to appear as a single. At the instigation of Lennon, another version was therefore boxed in July, this time faster, with hard rock sounds and saturated guitars. Revolution was released in this form on the B-side of the single Hey Jude on August 26, 1968 in the United States and on August 30 in the United States.
Ordinary World is a song by the English group Duran Duran, released as a single in 1992. It is the first single from Duran Duran, the group's 7th studio album released in 1993. This album is also known as The Wedding Album, to differentiate it from the other eponymous album Duran Duran released in 1981. This song is one of the biggest hits of the group's discography.
I Can't Explain Singles from The Who Zoot Suit Anyway, Anyhow, Anywhere I Can't Explain is a song by the British rock group The Who, released as a single in 1965 in the United Kingdom where it ranks in the Top 10.
Dammit is a song by the band Blink-182 that appears on the Dude Ranch album. Its single version was released on September 23, 1997. This song is featured on the Greatest Hits compilation in a slightly different version with more saturation on the guitar and with a drum roll on the intro that is not present on the version. original.
The Last Time Singles from The Rolling Stones Heart of Stone   Satisfaction The Last Time is a song by British rock band The Rolling Stones. It was the first single written jointly by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards to reach No. 1 in UK Best Sellers.
Violence of Summer Singles by Duran Duran Burning The Ground Serious Violence of Summer   is a song by the group Duran Duran, released as a single in 1990. It is the first single from the group's 6th studio album, Liberty, also released in 1990.
Yellow is a song by the British group Coldplay, second single from the album Parachutes, released in 2000. Supported by a large number of appearances on the radio, the song was the object of a dazzling success, and remains today one of their best known. She is in the queue for Disneyland Paris attraction, Rock 'n' Roller Coaster.
Stan Singles by Eminem The Way I Am Without Me Singles by Dido Don't Think of Me Thank You Stan is the third single from rapper Eminem's studio album The Marshall Mathers LP. The title appears on Eminem's 2005 compilation Curtain Call: The Hits. Two versions appear, the original version with Dido and one live at the 2001 Grammy Awards with the participation of English singer Elton John. The last cited acts as a censored version.
Burn It Down is the first single from the fifth studio album Living Things by the American group Linkin Park released on April 16, 2012. This song remains close to the style of the album A Thousand Suns  while taking up some characteristics of the old Linkin Park albums   : on finds saturated electric guitars and a powerful vocals in the chorus, as well as an energetic rap in bridge.
I'll Stick Around is the third single from the 1995 album Foo Fighters. The song is about Kurt Cobain's widow, Courtney Love. The music video for this song is the band's first and was directed by Jerry Casale, founding member of Devo.
Ride is a song by American artist Lana Del Rey released on September 25, 2012. The single is taken from the studio album Born to Die - The Paradise Edition   and her 3rd EP, Paradise. The song is written by Lana Del Rey and Justin Parker. Ride is produced by Rick Rubin.
Motivation is the third single from Canadian rock band Sum 41 from their second album All Killer, No Filler. It was released on March 4, 2002 in Canada and the United States and on March 25 in Europe. The lyrics deal with demotivation, procrastination, self-righteousness and laziness. The single, however, marked the end of the commercial success of the group's singles, reaching only 21st in Canada and 24 in the United Kingdom. The single was also released on a limited basis as a metal box set called "tin can" and featuring videos from the previous two singles as well as live songs.
Dreams is the first single from the album Everybody Else Is Doing It, So Why Can't We? des Cranberries, released in 1993. The single was first released in 1992 but went unnoticed. It was successful when it came out in 1994, the group having meanwhile made a name for itself with the release of the album.
Cry of Achilles Singles from Alter Bridge Addicted to Pain Waters Rising Cry of Achilles is the tenth single from the band Alter Bridge, released on April 22, 2014. It is the second single from the album Fortress, released on September 25, 2013.
Trampled Under Foot Tracks from Physical Graffiti Houses of the Holy Kashmir Trampled Under Foot   is the fifth song from Physical Graffiti, the sixth album by English rock band Led Zeppelin released in 1975. "Trampled Under Foot" was playing often on the radio at the time of its release. released and placed 38th in the top 100 of the Billboard charts. It was one of Robert Plant's favorite songs. He sang it during his Now and Zen tour of 1988 but also on the 21st birthday of his daughter Carmen with Jason Bonham on drums.
Hold Me Tight is a Beatles song released in 1963 on the With The Beatles album. Composed by Paul McCartney in the style of the Shirelles, it does not leave many memories to its author. As for John Lennon, he describes her as rather poor. Originally recorded for the Please Please Me album, the song was ultimately not included in it, and was re-recorded for the second album. In addition to her appearance on With The Beatles, she also appeared in early 1964 on the American album Meet The Beatles !. Although anecdotal, the song has been the subject of a few covers.
Get The Party Started is a song written by Linda Perry for Pink. This is the first single from his second album called Missundaztood. It became an international hit and reached the top ten in many countries. At the time, this single was Pink's best-selling single as a solo artist. This song was released on October 9, 2001.
Take Me to Church is a single by Irish singer Hozier released on September 16, 2013 under the Island Records, Columbia Records and Rubyworks labels. She is featured in her EP Take Me to Church and her album Hozier. The song has sold over a million copies in the United States as of November 2014. For the 57th Grammy Awards, the single was nominated for Single of the Year.
Immigrant Song Singles by Led Zeppelin Whole Lotta Love / Living Loving Maid   Black Dog / Misty Mountain Hop Tracks by Led Zeppelin III Friends Immigrant Song is a song by the British hard rock band Led Zeppelin, the only single from the Led Zeppelin III album released on November 5, 1970 with the B-side Hey Hey What Can I Do. It ranks 16th on the Billboard Hot 100 when it was released. The track has since become a classic that the band used to open their concerts from 1970 to 1972. Lyrics centered on Norse mythology and the adventures of mighty Vikings in search of new lands inspired classic heavy metal, such as than played by bands like Iron Maiden or Manowar.
Pure Morning Singles by Placebo Bruise Pristine You Don't Care About Us Pure Morning is a song by the rock band Placebo. It is the first track of the album Without You I'm Nothing. First single from the album, it was released on August 3, 1998. Pure Morning served as the soundtrack for an advertisement for France Telecom; it can also be heard briefly in the twelfth episode of the third season of Daria.
Way To Heaven is Aya Ueto's 14th single released under the Pony Canyon label on March 14, 2007 in Japan. He reached 20th place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 7,554 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 5 weeks, for a total of 12,144 copies sold. Way to Heaven can be found on the Happy Magic ~ Smile Project ~ album.
The Reincarnation of Benjamin Breeg is a song by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden, released on August 14, 2006, from the album A Matter of Life and Death.
I Feel You is a song by the group Depeche Mode composed by Martin Gore and sung by Dave Gahan which appears on the Songs of Faith and Devotion album. This is DM's 27th single, released by Mute Records on February 15, 1993 with One Caress on the B side. It precedes the album's release by a little over a month.
Never Let Me Down Again is the nineteenth single from the British group Depeche Mode, released in stores on August 24, 1987, and the second single from the album Music for the Masses. A moderate success in the United Kingdom where it only reached 22nd place in the ranking of best single sales, it was a hit in the FRG where it reached 2nd place. This title is a success in most European countries - as well as in South Africa - where it enters the top 20; in France, it ranks 29th. This track also has some success in the United States, entering the Top 75 and remaining there for several weeks.
Greyhound Singles by Swedish House Mafia Antidote Don't You Worry Child Greyhound is a song by Swedish DJ and songwriter group Swedish House Mafia released on March 12, 2012 under major EMI. Chosen as the 3rd single from their second compilation album Until Now, the song is a remix of the song Time   by artist Hans Zimmer. The song promotes the new drink marketed by Swedish brand Absolut Vodka, Absolut Greyhound.
Tell Me Baby Singles by Red Hot Chili Peppers Dani California Snow   Tell Me Baby is a song by Red Hot Chili Peppers. Released in 2006, the single is the second single from their album Stadium Arcadium. There were two different versions available in the bins, each containing different bonus songs. First version: 1.   *   Tell Me Baby 2.   *   A Certain Someone Second version: 1.   *   Tell Me Baby 2.   *   Mercy Mercy 3.   *   End of show Lyon
TKO Singles by Justin Timberlake Take Back the Night Not a Bad Thing TKO is a song by American pop singer Justin Timberlake, 2nd single from his fourth studio album, The 20/20 Experience: 2 of 2. TKO is the abbreviation for technical knockout in boxing, which is the decision of a referee judging that a fighter is not fit to continue the match.
Shake Your Body   is the second single from the Jackson's Destiny album. This song was written by Michael Jackson and Randy Jackson and was released as a single on December 9, 1978. The song is Disco-style and succeeds Blame It on the Boogie   , in the double album   This Is It.
Keep Yourself Alive Singles by Queen Liar Keep Yourself Alive is a song by the band Queen taken from the band's debut album, Queen, and released as a single in 1973.
I'm Happy Just to Dance with You is a Beatles song composed by Lennon / McCartney for the soundtrack to their movie A Hard Day's Night. It is interpreted by George Harrison: it is indeed the only song not to be interpreted by Lennon or McCartney on the album accompanying the film. It's a fairly straightforward song that the songwriting duo called an exercise more than anything else. Recorded in a few takes on a Sunday in March 1964, it was quickly forgotten.
Billie Jean is a song by American artist Michael Jackson that was released on the Thriller album in 1982, then released on a single on January 2, 1983. This song was a commercial success, remaining at the top of the Billboard Hot 100 for seven weeks in a row. and nine weeks at the top of the R&B chart. Billie Jean was named the 58th best song of all time by Rolling Stone magazine. The 45 rpm was released in July 2009 in a digital version called Digital 45 identical to the one produced in 1983, available on download platforms.
Purple Pills or Purple Hills in censored version is a song by the American rap group D12, taken from the album Devil's Night released in 2001. Produced by Eminem, it is the second single from Devil's Night. The song is distributed by Interscope Records and Shady Records, a label founded by Eminem and Paul Rosenberg. The song was a great success, including first in Ireland, second in the United Kingdom and third in Australia.
Take Back the City is the first single from alternative rock band Snow Patrol's fifth album, A Hundred Million Suns. The single was released in October 2008 across the world. The lyrics were written by Gary Lightbody, who talks about his love for Belfast. The music was composed by Snow Patrol.
I Miss You is a song by the band Blink-182 that appears on the Blink-182 album. Its single version was released on February 9, 2004. This song marks a darker and more serious turning point in the band's career, when they used to compose happy and humorous songs. The song references Tim Burton's 1993 film The Nightmare Before Christmas in the lyrics "We can live like Jack and Sally" and "We'll have Halloween on Christmas".
Home Sweet Home is a song by the American group Mötley Crüe. The track was taken from the Theater of Pain album and was released as a single on September 30, 1985. The song was remixed in 1991 and released on the Decade of Decadence compilation. VH1 ranked Home Sweet Home 12th best power ballad of all time. Drummer Tommy Lee re-recorded the song for season 4 of the Californication series featured in the 3rd episode, an episode titled after this song.
I'm So Tired   is a Beatles song released on the white album on November 22, 1968. It was composed in March of the same year by John Lennon while the group was in Rishikesh.
Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da is a Beatles song, written by Paul McCartney, released in November 1968 on The Beatles album. “Ob-La-Di Ob-La-Da” means “life goes on” in Yoruba. McCartney wrote it at the beginning of 1968, during the Beatles' stay in India.
You Won't See Me is a Beatles song, written primarily by Paul McCartney but credited to Lennon / McCartney, and released on December 3, 1965 on the Rubber Soul album. The song refers to the difficult period that his relationship with actress Jane Asher was going through. With its 3 minutes 23, it is then the longest song recorded by the group so far.
Pain Is So Close to Pleasure is a Queen song written by Freddie Mercury and John Deacon, and featured on the 1986 album A Kind of Magic. No music video has been produced for this song.
I'll Follow the Sun is a song by the Beatles, released on their fourth album Beatles for Sale, December 4, 1964. Composed by Paul McCartney, it is however signed Lennon / McCartney, like all the group's songs from one and the other. It is one of the oldest compositions written by one of the Beatles, dating back to McCartney's teenage years at 20 Forthlin Road in Liverpool.
Face to Face is an electronic music single by Daft Punk released in 2003. The song is from the album Discovery.
Be My Last is Hikaru Utada's fourteenth single, released in 2005.
Skin Trade Singles by Duran Duran Notorious Meet El Presidente Skin Trade is a song by the group Duran Duran released as a single in 1987. It is the second single from the group's 4th studio album, Notorious, released in 1986.
Destiny's Child Lose My Breath Singles Nasty Girl   Soldier Destiny Fulfilled Soldier Tracks 2005 Lose My Breath is a song from Destiny's Child's fourth studio album, Destiny Fulfilled. * Hip-hop portal Hip-hop    portal * Beyoncé portal Beyoncé portal    * Music portal Music portal • Song section
Love Letter is BoA's 24th single released on the Avex Trax label on September 26, 2007 in Japan. It reached 3rd place in the Oricon ranking and remains classified 8 weeks for a total of 43,524 copies sold. The songs Love Letter, Diamond Heart and Beautiful Flowers can be found on the album The Face.
Everybody Hurts is a song by the alternative rock band REM, released as the fourth track on the Automatic for the People album   on April 15, 1993. The song peaked at No. 29 on the Billboard Hot 100, No. 7 on the UK Singles Chart and in 3rd place in the SNEP ranking. Everybody Hurts is a song written by REM and more specifically by Bill Berry, arranged by John Paul Jones.
It's Late is a song by British band Queen, written by guitarist Brian May. From the News of the World album, the song was released as a single in April 1978 in the United States, Japan, Canada and New Zealand only. The song did not have much success and was only ranked in the United States.
Long, Long, Long is a Beatles song written by George Harrison and appeared on the "White Album" in 1968. Composed during the band's stay in India, this is the first song in which Harrison expresses his life. personal experience. Under the exterior of a love song, the text is actually a message to God about the loss of faith in Catholicism and a return to verve through the discovery of Indian spirituality.
Shallow Be Thy Game Singles by Red Hot Chili Peppers Walkabout Love Rollercoaster Shallow Be Thy Game is a song by Red Hot Chili Peppers. Released as a single in Australia, the song by its lyrics takes a stand against religion in general, and against Christianity in particular.
People Are People is a song from the group Depeche Mode composed by Martin Gore. She is on the Some Great Reward album. It was first released as a single by Mute Records on March 12, 1984, six months before the album's release. Opposite B is In Your Memory, a song by Alan Wilder. It is this title which allowed Depeche Mode to acquire an international reputation.
Got to Get You into My Life Revolver Tracks I Want to Tell You Tomorrow Never Knows Got to Get You into My Life is a song by The Beatles, released on the Revolver album on August 5, 1966 in Great Britain, and three days more late in the United States. It is written by Paul McCartney, but credited to Lennon / McCartney, like all of the band's songs composed by him and John Lennon, in collaboration or not.
From the Inside is the fourth single from the album Meteora by American nu metal band Linkin Park. The song follows Breaking the Habit on the album, and is more darkly melodic than the other tracks on the album, except Breaking the Habit.
Waterloo Singles from ABBA Another Town, Another Train Honey, Honey Tracks from Waterloo Sitting in the Palmtree Waterloo is an ABBA song released in 1974. It is the first single from their second album, also titled Waterloo. The song is available in Swedish and English, but also in German and French.
One of My Turns is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. She appears on the album The Wall released in 1979.
Hell Breaks Loose is a song by American rapper Eminem, taken from the re-release of Relapse album, Relapse: Refill, released in 2009. Written and composed by Eminem, Dr. Dre, Mark Batson and Dawaun Parker, produced by Dr. Dre and Mark Batson, it is the second single from this reissue. Indeed it was released the same day as Elevator. The song is distributed by Interscope Records, Aftermath Entertainment, the label of Dr. Dre and Shady Records, label founded by Eminem and Paul Rosenberg. The song ranked twenty-ninth in the United States and twenty-first in Canada.
Sans contrefaçon is a song by Mylène Farmer, written by Mylène Farmer and composed by Laurent Boutonnat. This title is the first single from Mylène Farmer's second studio album, Thus be I .... It was released on October 16, 1987 in 45 rpm format.
Born Under a Bad Sign is a song composed by Booker T. Jones with lyrics by William Bell originally recorded by Albert King as the title song of his 1967 album Born Under a Bad Sign. William Bell also recorded his own version of the song. title in 1969. There are several covers, the best known being those of the Chicago Blues group Paul Butterfield Blues Band, the British blues rock group Cream, Paul Rodgers and Jimi Hendrix.
Paint It, Black   is a song by British rock band The Rolling Stones, credited to Jagger / Richards although everyone in the group has contributed to its composition including Bill Wyman and Brian Jones. The song was released as a single successively on both sides of the Atlantic a week apart in May 1966, and in both cases reached number one. In June 1966, the title was included in the American edition of the album Aftermath.
Shiver Singles by Coldplay Brothers and Sisters Yellow Parachutes Don't Panic Spies Shiver is a song by the British rock band Coldplay, taken from the album Parachutes. This is the first single from this album and was released on March 6, 2000. * Music portal Music portal • Song section   * Rock portal Rock portal
Poker Face is a song performed and written by American artist Lady Gaga, from her debut album, The Fame. It is produced by RedOne and was released as the second single from their album at the end of 2008 in some countries and in early 2009 for the rest of the world. The track has a fairly fast A minor dance-pop tempo, like its previous single, Just Dance, with a slightly darker twist. The themes of this track are the acceptance of bisexuality, a tribute to all his old rock 'n' roll boyfriends and gambling.
Slip Kid is a song by British band The Who, released in 1975 on the first track of The Who By Numbers album.
Learn to Fly is the first single by rock band Foo Fighters from the 1999 album There Is Nothing Left to Lose. It has been recorded twice in the UK. Learn to Fly is arguably one of the band's most successful songs, being # 1 on the Billboard charts magazine in the Alternative Songs category.
Let's Stay Together is a song by American soul singer Al Green featured on the homonymous album released in 1972. The song was first released as a maxi 45 in 1971, reaching No. 1 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart. best-selling records in all musical categories.
I Saw Her Standing There is a Beatles song written by Paul McCartney and John Lennon. It constitutes the very first title of their first album, Please Please Me, released in Great Britain on March 22, 1963. It also opens their first American disc, Introducing… The Beatles, released on January 10, 1964.
Everybody's Changing Singles by Keane Somewhere Only We Know Bedshaped Tracks from Hopes and Fears We Might As Well Be Strangers Your Eyes Open Everybody's Changing is a song by the British group Keane released in the spring of 2004 on the album Hopes and Fears, and on May 3, 2004 as a single. The track was covered by British singer Lily Allen in 2009.
Boulevard of Broken Dreams is a song by American punk rock band Green Day, and the fourth single from their seventh album, American Idiot, released in 2004. She received the Grammy Award for Recording of the Year in 2006
Shook Ones Pt. II   or Shook Ones Part II) is a song featured on   Mobb Deep's The Infamous album . It is the sequel to the song Shook Ones. There is a dark and disturbing atmosphere in the style of the album. The predominant theme is the territorial struggle between young people. Shook Ones part II is considered one of the best songs in rap history. His instrumental is thus one of the most sampled in the battles [ref. necessary].
Born to Die is a song by American singer Lana Del Rey released in Brazil, Australia and New Zealand on December 30, 2011 and January 2, 2012 in France. The single entered 20th place in sales in France. She is the second single from the Born to Die album.
Another One Bites the Dust Singles from Queen Play the Game Need Your Loving Tonight Tracks from The Game Dragon Attack Need Your Loving Tonight Another One Bites the Dust is a song by the British rock band Queen, taken from their 8th album The Game and released in single in August 1980. This track was composed by the band's bassist, John Deacon, whose style is instantly recognizable. Unlike the band's previous songs, this track doesn't benefit from any guitar solo and sounds more funk. This turn was accentuated with the following album, Hot Space, released in 1982. This did not prevent this song from obtaining a huge worldwide success, especially in the United States, and it is still the single on best-selling Queen with over 7 million copies.
Just Can't Get Enough is a song by Depeche Mode composed by Vince Clarke and featured on the Speak and Spell album. It was first released as a single by Mute Records on September 7, 1981 in Great Britain. It is also their first single released in the United States. Opposite B is the instrumental track Any Second Now. Just Can't Get Enough is the last single composed by Vince Clarke before his departure from Depeche Mode. The manner of arranging this piece already lets glimpse the musical color of its following groups: Yazoo, The Assembly then Erasure.
Thank God It's Christmas is a Christmas song written by Brian May and Roger Taylor. The only Christmas song by the group Queen, the single reached No. 21 on the UK charts and remained ranked for 6 weeks, during the 1984-1985 Christmas-New Year period. Although not taken from any album, the song appeared in 1999 on the Greatest Hits III compilation. It was also paired with the single A Winter's Tale from the album Made in Heaven released in 1995.
Chains is a song by the girl group The Cookies, composed by Gerry Goffin and Carole King. Released as a single in the United States in November 1962, it had some success, reaching 17th place in the American charts. Several covers of the song have emerged, including one by Sylvie Vartan under the title Chance.
See You is Depeche Mode's fourth single and the first written by Martin Gore, with Vince Clarke having since left the group. This track was released on January 29, 1982 and was later included in the second album A Broken Frame. This single was the occasion to launch a world tour, with the new member of the group Alan Wilder, although he did not contribute to the song or even to the album. There are in all and for all two versions of See You, the single version, and the extended version with a longer intro. This became the version on the album.
Misery is a Beatles song composed by John Lennon and Paul McCartney in January 1963. Originally written for Helen Shapiro, it was eventually recorded for the group's debut album. It was boxed by the Fab Four on February 11, 1963 at EMI studios on Abbey Road during a 585-minute marathon session.
Girl is an R'n'B song performed by R'n'B girl group Destiny's Child. It is written by Beyoncé Knowles, Kelly Rowland, Michelle Williams, Rodney Jerkins, Ric Rude, Angela Beyince, Sean Garrett, and Patrick Douthit for Destiny's Child's fourth studio album Destiny Fulfilled of 2004. Produced by Beyoncé and 9th Wonder, the song contains material and samples from the song Ocean of Thoughts and Dreams written by Don Davis and Eddie Robinson, and performed by The Dramatics. Released as the album's third single, the single took 23rd place on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, making it Destiny's Child's lowest-ranked single since Bug a Boo in 1999.
Strange Kind of Woman Singles by Deep Purple Black Night Fireball Strange Kind of Woman is a song by British hard rock band Deep Purple released in 1971. It was released as a single in February 1971, following the success of the single Black Night, and was released as a single. 8th class in UK. Its success led to its inclusion on the American and Japanese versions of the album Fireball, released in September of the same year.
Bliss is a single by the British rock band Muse, released on August 20, 2001 and taken from their album Origin of Symmetry.
I Feel Free Singles by Cream Wrapping Paper Strange Brew I Feel Free is a Cream song written by Pete Brown and composed by Jack Bruce, released in 1966. It opens the US version of the group's debut album, Fresh Cream. Cream's second single, with NSU on the B-side, I Feel Free ranks 11th in the UK, where it is not included on the album.
Everytime We Touch is the fifth and last single from the Pop Life album by French house DJ David Guetta released on July 6, 2008. The DJ features American singer Chris Willis. We also find on this track the collaboration of Swedish DJs Steve Angello and Sebastian Ingrosso.
Penny Lane is a Beatles song, written by Paul McCartney but credited to Lennon / McCartney. Recorded between December 1966 and January 1967, it is the second song - after Strawberry Fields Forever - that the Beatles record for their next album, which does not yet bear a name but which will become Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. However, the two titles will not appear there, having been previously published together in 45 turns "double side A"; their manager Brian Epstein wanted to maintain the popularity of the group after an unusual period of six months without a previously published publication. The single was released on February 13, 1967 in the United States and February 17 in the United Kingdom. In November 1967, Penny Lane was published again on the American version of a
Shake the Disease is the thirteenth single from Depeche Mode released on April 29, 1985. This single did not appear on any studio album. He is however present on the compilation The Singles 81-85 released that same year, just like It's Called a Heart. The US version of The Singles 81-85, named Catching Up with Depeche Mode, also includes the B-side of Shake the Disease, Flexible.
Feel Good Inc is a song by the English group Gorillaz, in collaboration with the American rap group De La Soul. This is the first single from the Demon Days album released in 2005. Feel Good Inc has reached the 2nd position in the UK rankings and 14th in the US rankings. He also led Hot Modern Rock Tracks in the US, another first for the band, for eight consecutive weeks. It is the only song of the group to reach the top 20 in the United States on the Billboard Hot 100. It also made it to the top 10 of fourteen countries, including Spain where it placed at the 1st position. . Finally, the song was listed at the 308th position on Pitchfork Media's Best Songs for the decade 2000-2010. We can consider that this chanso
The Rock Show is a song by the band Blink-182 that appears on the Take Off Your Pants and Jacket album. Its single version was released on June 25, 2001. There are two live versions of this song, one on the 2002 single Stay Together for the Kids and recorded in Los Angeles, and the other, recorded in Minneapolis and available on the single Always released in 2004. It is sung in full by Mark Hoppus.
Wild Horses is a song by rock band Rolling Stones taken from the Sticky Fingers album, written by Mick Jagger, Keith Richards and Gram Parsons. The song is ranked 334th in Rolling Stone Magazine's Top 500 Songs chart.
Leave in Silence is Depeche Mode's sixth single released on August 16, 1982. It was Depeche Mode's very first single released under the Bong label in the UK, which is still the case today. It's also the first Depeche Mode song to have more than one remix to itself. The single reached 12th place in UK single sales.
Hidden Place is a song by Icelandic artist Björk, it is the first single from his album Vespertine.
4 hot wave is the 32nd single from Kumi Kōda released under the Rhythm Zone label on July 26, 2006 in Japan. He reached 2nd place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 207,484 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 17 weeks, for a total of 390,685 copies sold. It is Kumi Kōda's best-selling single to date. It is released in CD and CD + DVD format.
Cave is a song by the group Muse released in 1999. It is the second single from the group and second single from the Showbiz album. It peaked at 52nd place in the charts, beating the previous single from the album, Uno, by 21 places. It is one of the band's first songs to be recorded, although the early versions differ from that of the current single.
Gentle Words is the 9th single from Kumi Kōda released under the Rhythm Zone label on December 10, 2003 in Japan. He reached 15th place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 9,531 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 10 weeks, for a total of 27,164 copies sold.
Hero of the Day Singles by Metallica Ain't My Bitch Mama Said Hero of the Day is a song by Metallica released in 1996 on the album Load. She's about the people who watch heroes in the media without realizing that the ones you should admire are the people you meet in everyday life. The song was first recorded on December 13, 1995, and was Load's first song to be recorded. * Rock portal Rock portal    * Music portal Music portal • Song section
You is a song by Janet Jackson, from her sixth studio album, The Velvet Rope. This is the fifth single from the album, released in September 1998.
China Girl Singles by David Bowie Let's Dance Modern Love China Girl is a song written by David Bowie and Iggy Pop, first released in 1977 on the Iggy Pop album The Idiot. Six years later, Bowie covered it on his album Let's Dance, with a much more commercial production than the original version. Released as a single, Bowie's version reached No. 2 in the UK   and No. 10 in the US.
Hustlin 'Rick Ross Singles Push It Hustlin'   is a song by Miami rapper Rick Ross. It is the very first single of the artist, it is taken from the album Port of Miami. The two American rappers Jay-Z and Young Jeezy are part of the official remix of this song, which is also featured on the album. The track also appears remixed on rapper Lil Wayne's mixtape Dedication 2, remixed by DJ Drama. An unofficial remix was made with several other artists like Lil Wayne, Z-Ro, Jay-Z, TI, Busta Rhymes, Remy Ma, Young Jeezy and Lil 'Flip. Another unofficial remix has been leaked with a verse from rapper Booba featured on the Autopsy Vol. 2.
Hound Dog is a rock 'n' roll song written by Jerry Leiber & Mike Stoller, whose most famous interpretation is that of Elvis Presley, published by RCA in 1956.
Breaking the Law Singles by Judas Priest Living After Midnight United Breaking the Law is a song by British heavy metal band Judas Priest, originally released on their album British Steel released in 1980. The song is one of the band's best known tracks. , and is recognized by its opening riff.
The Final Countdown is a rock song by Swedish rock band Europe written by Joey Tempest. This is the first single from the group's third studio album, The Final Countdown, released on February 14, 1986. It is the band's most famous song. It reached 1st place in twenty-five countries. In the US, the single reached No. 8 on the Billboard Hot 100. The single went gold in the UK.
Don't Leave Me Now is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. She appears on the album The Wall released in 1979.
White Lines   is a song by Miss Mel and Grandmaster Flash, released in 1983 on the Sugarhill Records label. The lyrics of this song, written by Miss Mel, warn of the dangers of cocaine, addiction and drug trafficking. The sample used for this song is Cavern's bassline by Liquid Liquid.
Breaking the Girl Singles by Red Hot Chili Peppers Under the Bridge Suck My Kiss Breaking the Girl is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers. Released in 1992, the single was taken from the album Blood Sugar Sex Magik.
I'm a Loser Beatles for Sale Tracks No Reply Baby's in Black I'm a Loser is a Beatles song composed by John Lennon and credited to Lennon / McCartney. This is Lennon's first truly personal song, inspired by Bob Dylan. Recorded in August 1964, it appeared on the Beatles for Sale album. This first foray of the group into the folk register has been the subject of several covers. It is also the last Beatles composition in which a harmonica appears.
Without You is a British song by the group Badfinger composed and written by Pete Ham and Tom Evans, taken from the studio album No Dice and released in 1970. It became a Harry Nilsson hit in 1971, being ranked No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 , Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks, Canadian Singles Chart and UK Singles Chart. Since becoming a standard, Without You is, in a 1994 version by Mariah Carey, ranked No. 1 on the German, Austrian, British, Finnish, French, Irish, Dutch, New Zealand, Swedish and Swiss charts, No. 2 on the Canadian Singles Chart and No. 3 of the Billboard Hot 100 Australian Singles Chart.
Love in an Elevator is a song by American hard rock band Aerosmith, written by Steven Tyler and Joe Perry and released in 1989 as the first single from their album Pump. It peaked at # 5 on the Billboard Hot 100 and reached # 1 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. Internationally, it peaked at # 13 on the UK Singles Chart and # 33 in Australia. This song is featured in the Rock'n 'Roller Coaster attraction in Disney parks. * Rock portal Rock portal    * Music portal Music portal • Song section
Eminem's Elevator Singles Forever Hell Breaks Loose Relapse Tracks: Buffalo Bill's Refill Taking My Ball Elevator is a song by American rapper Eminem. She is featured on the reissue of her sixth album, Relapse. The song is produced by Eminem, who also co-wrote the lyrics with Luis Resto. This is a promotional single released on the same day as "Hell Breaks Loose". Upon release, the track ranked 67th on the Billboard Hot 100.
These Boots Are Made for Walkin 'is a pop song written by Lee Hazlewood and performed by Nancy Sinatra, released as a second single from her debut studio album Boots in February 1966. The single reached # 1 on the US charts. United and UK.
Love You To is a song by the British band The Beatles. Written by George Harrison, it illustrates the interest of the four musicians, and Harrison in particular, for Indian culture, a passion that dates back to the filming of the movie Help !. Seduced by the sitar, Harrison got hold of a copy and learned to play it from Indian musicians, notably Ravi Shankar. It is one of the three songs of Indian inspiration which he composes within the Beatles.
Calling All Girls is the fourth single from Queen's Hot Space album, released in July 1982, only in the United States, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. Elektra Records was not satisfied with the group's choice to release Back Chat as their fourth single from Hot Space, and instead chose to release Calling All Girls which turned out to be the first song written by Roger Taylor to appear on the album. side A of a single.
Supremacy is a song and the opening track from the album The 2nd Law released on September 28, 2012, by the British band Muse. This is the album's fourth single, and the group's 30th, released on February 25, 2013.
Soul to Squeeze Singles by Red Hot Chili Peppers If You Have to Ask Warped Soul to Squeeze is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers, released as a single in 1993 and featured on the soundtrack to the movie Coneheads. Originally, the song was supposed to appear on the Blood Sugar Sex Magik album but was ultimately left out. It can be found on the Greatest Hits compilation, both on the CD and the clip on the DVD. While viewing the video clip, we will notice the absence of John Frusciante. We can therefore deduce that it was shot after his departure from the Red Hot Chili Peppers at the time.
Sliver is a single from the American grunge band Nirvana, released in September 1990 on the Sub Pop label. Recorded during their last session for the label, the song marked a turning point for the group, drawing a line on their origins which led them to a more direct sound and the success of the second album Nevermind, released the following year. With the concert on September 22, the piece considered "as one of the best of the group" is the only trace of Dan Peters passing behind the drums before the arrival of Dave Grohl, freezing the formation for good. In 1992, Geffen Records took advantage of the trio's success to release a first compilation, Incesticide, for which the single then benefited from a video clip, which revived its sales in the United States and the United Kingdom.
Koi no Tsubomi is the 31st single from Kumi Kōda released under the Rhythm Zone label on May 24, 2006 in Japan. He reached 2nd place in the Oricon ranking. It sold 140,267 copies in the first week, and remained classified for 21 weeks, for a total of 273,060 copies sold. It is released in CD and CD + DVD format. Koi no Tsubomi was used as the musical theme for the drama Busu no Hitomi ni Koishiteru and for the animated film Cars. Koi no Tsubomi can be found on the Black Cherry album, on the Best ~ Third Universe ~ compilation and on the Koda Kumi Driving Hit's remix album.
Walking After You is rock band Foo Fighters' fourth single from their 1998 album The Color and the Shape. There is a music video for this song. He appears in the soundtrack of The X-Files, the movie.
Bedshaped Singles by Keane Everybody's Changing This Is the Last Time Hopes and Fears Tracks Untitled 1 Bedshaped is a song by alternative rock band Keane, taken from the album Hopes and Fears. It was released as a single on August 16, 2004.
Duality is a song by heavy metal band Slipknot, taken from their third album Vol. 3:, released in 2004. The music video for the track is listed in the Top Ten Videos of All Time by Roadrunner Records.
It's a Long Way to the Top   is a song by Australian hard rock band AC / DC which was released as a single in Australia in 1975. The song was subsequently released on the Australian album TNT, then re-released in a shortened version on High Voltage international version. The uncropped version is featured on the Volts album of the Bonfire box set   and in the collector's version of the Backtracks box set.
Don't Phunk with My Heart is a song by the American group The Black Eyed Peas from the album Monkey Business. The track was released as the album's first single on April 12, 2005. The song was written by William Adams, Stacy Ferguson, Printz Board, George Pajon Jr., Full Force, Anadi, Indewar and produced by will.i .am.
Wooden Ships Volunteer Tracks Turn My Life Down Eskimo Blue Day Wooden Ships is a song written by David Crosby, Stephen Stills and Paul Kantner in 1968. Their two bands, Crosby, Stills & Nash and Jefferson Airplane, each recorded a version on their 1969 albums, Crosby, Stills & Nash and Volunteers. The lyrics of the song describe, in the form of a dialogue, the meeting between two soldiers from opposite camps, who seem to be the only survivors of a nuclear war.
Low is the third single by rock band Foo Fighters from the One by One album released in 2002.
Rape Me Singles by Nirvana All Apologies Pennyroyal Tea Rape Me is a song by the American rock / grunge band Nirvana. It is the fourth song appearing on the album In Utero released in 1993, and the second single from the latter.
Automatisch   and Automatic   are two singles from the German rock band Tokio Hotel. Automatisch   are the group's 13th single, the first single from the Humanoid album.
Time is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd, which appeared on the 1973 album The Dark Side of the Moon. It is the only song on the album to be credited to all band members: David Gilmour , Richard Wright, Roger Waters and Nick Mason. Time is the second longest song on the album, including Breathe, after Us and Them. It contains one of Gilmour's greatest guitar solos. [Ref. required] She has also been released as a “double-sided A” single with Us and Them, which is also featured on The Dark Side of the Moon.
My Generation is a song by British rock group The Who, released as a single in October 1965. It was very successful in the United Kingdom and gave its name to the group's debut album, released two months later and where it was included. It is one of the best known songs of the group.
Lady Marmalade is a song first released in December 1974 and performed by Patti LaBelle. In 1975, she took No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 and Hot R & B / Hip-Hop Songs for a week. In a quarter of a century, Lady Marmalade has been taken over by numerous artists such as the group All Saints, Sabrina and the American-Canadian   Nanette Workman. This song notably popularized the expression "Do you want to sleep with me tonight?" ".
Strange Brew is a 1967 song by the British supergroup Cream. Released at the end of May of this year as the first single from the album Disraeli Gears, the track is unusually sung by Eric Clapton rather than Jack Bruce. The title reached 17th place in the UK charts in June of that same year. This single is the last UK single from Cream released on Reaction Records.
Lovesong Singles from The Cure Fascination Street Pictures of You Disintegration Tracks Closedown Last Dance Lovesong is a song by The Cure on the album Disintegration. It was extracted as a single on August 19, 1989. On the B side is the unreleased track 2 Late. Another unpublished, Fear Of Ghosts is added on the maxi where Lovesong appears in long version. Lovesong was very successful in the United States where the single ranked second on the Billboard Hot 100.
Dirty Diana is the fifth single from Michael Jackson's album Bad.
Heartbreaker Tracks by Led Zeppelin II Thank You Living Loving Maid   Heartbreaker is a song by British rock band Led Zeppelin. She is featured on their second album, Led Zeppelin II, released in 1969. She is famous for her Jimmy Page guitar riff. The solo was voted 16th best solo of all time by Guitar World magazine. The song was also awarded Ranked 320th in the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time by Rolling Stone Magazine.
Breakout is the fourth single from the album There Is Nothing Left to Lose released in 2000.
The Night Before is a song by British group The Beatles, composed by Paul McCartney, although credited to Lennon / McCartney. It is a song about regrets for a lost love, a theme also mentioned by McCartney in another song on the album, Yesterday. A fast-tempo pop-rock song, it introduces an instrument hitherto unusual in the group's compositions, the electric piano.
Bitter Sweet Symphony   is a song by British britpop band The Verve, taken from their third album, Urban Hymns. It was released on June 16, 1997 as the first single from this album, and reached No. 2 on the UK Singles Chart. This song allowed the group to take center stage on the international scene, the song having entered the top 20 of some twenty countries. She also largely contributed to the success of the album from which she came, album No. 1 in several countries and holders of 25 platinum records around the world.
Closer to God Tracks from The Downward Spiral March of the Pigs Ruiner Closer to God is a single by the musical group Nine Inch Nails taken from the album The Downward Spiral.
Money, Money, Money is the 2nd single from the album Arrival of the group ABBA released in 1976. The song, lasting 3:05, is also included on the compilation of the group ABBA Gold - Greatest Hits and in the Mamma Mia musical !.
Black or White is the first single from Michael Jackson's Dangerous album. Officially released on November 11, 1991, a few days before the album, the track, a mix of pop rock, dance-pop, hard rock and rap, is considered one of the greatest popular hits of the 1990s as well as one of the greatest successes in Michael Jackson's career. The song reached # 1 in the US, UK as well as 18 other countries including France and Switzerland.
Shadow of the Day is the third single from Linkin Park's Minutes to Midnight album, released on October 16, 2007.